--- Wu-Tang Clan - C.R.E.A.M. (Cash Rules Everything Around Me) [Radio Edit] ---
cash rules everything around me, c.r.e.a.m. 
get the money, dollar dollar bill, y'all
i grew up on the crime side, the new york times side
stayin' alive was no jive
had secondhands, moms bounced on old man
so then we moved to shaolin land
a young youth, yo, rockin' the gold tooth, 'lo goose
only way i begin the g off was drug loot
and let's start it like this, son
rollin' with this one and that one, pullin' out gats for fun
but it was just a dream for the teen
who was a fiend, started smokin' woolies at sixteen
and runnin' up in gates and doin' hits for high stakes
makin' my way on fire escapes
no question, i would speed for cracks and weed
the combination madе my eyes bleed
no question, i would flow off and try to gеt the dough off
stickin' up white boys on ball courts
my life got no better, same damn 'lo sweater
times is rough and tough like leather
figured out i went the wrong route
so i got with a sick-tight clique and went all out
catchin' ki's from 'cross seas
rollin' in mpvs, every week we made forty g
yo, brothas, respect mine or here go the tec-9, ch-pow
move from the gate now
cash rules everything around me, c.r.e.a.m. 
get the money, dollar dollar bill, y'all
cash rules everything around me, c.r.e.a.m. 
get the money, dollar dollar bill, y'all
it's been twenty-two long, hard years, i'm still strugglin'
survival got me buggin'
but i'm alive on arrival, i peep at the shape of the streets
and stay awake to the ways of the world 'cause **** deep
a man with a dream with plans to make cream
which failed, i went to jail at the age of fifteen
a young buck sellin' drugs and such, who never had much
tryin' to get a clutch at what i could not touch (touch)
the court played me short, now i face incarceration
pacin', goin' upstate's my destination
handcuffed in back of a bus, forty of us
life as a shorty shouldn't be so rough
but as the world turned, i learned life is hell
livin' in the world no different from a cell
every day i escape from jakes givin' chase
sellin' base, smokin' bones in the staircase
though i don't know why i chose to smoke sess
i guess that's the time when i'm not depressed
but i'm still depressed, and i ask, what's it worth?
ready to give up, so i seek the old earth
who explained workin' hard may help you maintain
to learn to overcome the heartaches and pain
we got stick-up kids, corrupt cops and crack rocks
and stray shots, all on the block that stays hot
leave it up to me while i be livin' proof
to kick the truth to the young black youth
but shorty's runnin' wild, smokin' sess, drinkin' beer
and ain't tryna hear what i'm kickin' in his ear
neglected for now, but yo, it gots to be accepted
that what? that life is hectic
cash rules everything around me, c.r.e.a.m. 
get the money, dollar dollar bill, y'all
cash rules everything around me, c.r.e.a.m. 
get the money, dollar dollar bill, y'all (do what they gotta do to get through, know what i'm sayin'?)
cash rules everything around me, c.r.e.a.m. (because you can't just get by no more)
get the money, dollar dollar bill, y'all (word up, you gotta get over, straight up and down)
cash rules everything around me, c.r.e.a.m. 
get the money, dollar dollar bill, y'all
cash rules everything around me, c.r.e.a.m. 
get the money, dollar dollar bill, y'all
cash rules everything around me, c.r.e.a.m. 
get the money, dollar dollar bill, y'all
cash rules everything around me, c.r.e.a.m. 
get the money, dollar dollar bill, y'all
cash rules everything around me, c.r.e.a.m. 
get the money, dollar dollar bill, y'all, yeah

--- Puff Daddy ft. The Lox & Lil' Kim - It’s All About the Benjamins (Rock Remix II) ---
(it's all about the benjamins, baby)
(it's all about the benjamins, baby)
uh (it's all about the benjamins, baby)
uh-huh, yeah (it's all about the benjamins, baby)
uh (it's all about the benjamins, baby)
uh-huh, yeah
it's all about the benjamins
it's all about the benjamins
it's all about the benjamins
yeah
now, what y'all wanna do?
wanna be ballers, shot callers, brawlers
who be dippin' in the benz with the spoilers
on the low from the jake in the taurus
tryin' to get my hands on some grants like horace
yeah, livin' the raw deal
three course meals: spaghetti, fеttuccine, and veal
but still, evеrything's real in the field
and what you can't have now, leave in your will
but don't knock me for tryin' to bury
seven zeroes over in rio de janeir-y
ain't nobody's hero, but i wanna be heard
on your hot 9-7 every day, that's my word
swimmin' in women with they own condominiums
five plus five's, who drive millenniums
it's all about the benjamins, what
i get a fifty pound bag of euk for the mutts
five carats on my hands with the cuts
in somethin' european chromed out with the clutch, what
i wanna hold figures, fuck bein' a broke nigga
drinkin' malt liquor, drivin' a broke viga
i'm with mo' sippers, watched by gold diggers
rocking girbaud denims with gold zippers
lost your touch, we kept ours, poppin' cristals
freakin' the three-quarter reptiles
enormous cream, forest green benz jeep
for my team so while you sleep i'ma scheme
we see through, that's why nobody never gon' believe you
you should do what we do, stack chips like hebrews
don't let the melody intrigue you, 'cause i leave you
i'm only here for that green paper with the eagle
i'm strictly tryin' to cop those colossal-sized picassos
and have papi flip coke outside delgado's (woo)
tienda, with cash flowin' like sosa
and a latin chick transportin' in her chocha
stampedin' over, pop mo's, never sober
flexin' range rovers dealin' weight by minnesota
avoidin' narcs with camcorders and chevy novas
stash in the building with this chick named wilona
from daytona, when i was young, i wanted to bone her
but now i only hit chicks who win beauty pageants
trickin' and takin' me skiin' at the aspens, ugh
gangsta mental, stay poppin' cristal
pack a black pistol in the ac' coupe that's dark brown (woo)
pinky-ringin', gondolas with the man singin'
italian music down the river with your chick clingin'
to my bizzalls, player, you mad false
actin' hard when you as pussy as rupaul's
c'mon, c'mon, uh-huh
it's all about the benjamins, hey
it's all about the benjamins, hey
it's all about the benjamins, hey
it's all about the benjamins
yeah
now, what y'all wanna do?
wanna be ballers, shot-callers, brawlers
who be dippin' in the benz with the spoilers
on the low from the jake in the taurus
uh, uh, what the bloodclaat
wanna bumble with the bee, huh?
bzzz, throw a hex on the whole family
dressed in all black like the omen
have your friends singin', "this is for my homie" (that's right)
and you know me from makin' niggas so sick
floss in my 6, with the 'lex on the wrist
if it's murder, you know she wrote it (uh-huh)
german ruger for yo' ass, bitch, deep throat it (come on)
know you wanna feel the womb 'cause it's platinum-coated
take your pick, got a firearm you shoulda toted, suck a dick
all that bullshit you kick, player-hatin' from the sideline
get your own shit — why you ridin' mine?
i'm a goodfella kinda lady
stash .380s in mercedes — puffy, hold me down, baby
only female in my crew and i kick shit like a nigga do
pull the trigger too, fuck you
i been had skills, cristal spills
hide bills in brazil, about a mill', the ice grill
make it hard to figure me, liquor be kickin' me
in my asshole, undercover, donnie brasco
left my east coast girl the bentley to twirl (uh-huh)
my west coast shorty push the chrome 740
rockin' redman and naughty — oh, where my kitty cat?
half a brick of yay in the bra where her titties at
and i'm livin' that whole life, we push weight
fuck the state pen, fuck hoes in penn state
listen close, it's francis, the praying mantis
attack with the mac, my left hand spit
right hand grip on the whip for the smooth getaway
playa haters, get away or my lead will spray
squeeze off 'til i'm empty, don't tempt me
only to hell i send thee, all about the benjis, what?
what, what, what, what, what
it's all about the benjamins, hey
it's all about the benjamins, hey
it's all about the benjamins, hey
it's all about the benjamins, hey
what y'all wanna do?
it's all about the benjamins, hey
wanna be ballers, shot-callers, brawlers
it's all about the benjamins, hey
who be dippin' in the benz with the spoilers
(it's all about the benjamins, baby)
on the low from the jake in the taurus, what

--- Jay-Z - Dead Presidents II ---
presidents to represent me (get money!)
i'm out for presidents to represent me (get money!)
i'm out for presidents to represent me (get money!)
i'm out for dead fuckin' presidents to represent me (whose-)
rock on, roc-a-fella, y'all
the saga continues (what the fuck?)
ahh, who wanna bet us that we don't touch lettuce?
stack cheddars forever, live treacherous, all the et ceteras
to the death of us, me and my confidants, we shine
you feel the ambiance, y'all niggas just rhyme
by the ounce, dough accumulates like snow
we don't just shine, we illuminate the whole show, you feel me?
factions from the other side would love to kill me
spill three quarts of my blood into the street, let alone the heat
fuck 'em, they hate a nigga lovin' his life
in all possible ways, know the feds is buggin' my life
hospital days, reflectin' when my man laid up
on the uptown hot block, he got his side sprayed up
i saw his life slippin', this is a minor setback
yo, still in all we livin', just dream about the get-back
that made him smile, though his eyes said, "pray for me"
i'll do you one better and slay these niggas faithfully
murder is a tough thing to digest, it's a slow process (mm)
and i ain't got nothin' but time
i had near brushes, not to mention
three shots, close range, never touched me, divine intervention
can't stop i, from drinkin' mai-tai's, with ty-ty
down in nevada, haha, poppa, word life
i dabbled in crazy weight without rap, i was crazy straight
partner, i'm still spendin' money from '88, what?
presidents to represent me (get money!)
i'm out for presidents to represent me (get money!)
i'm out for presidents to represent me (get money!)
i'm out for dead fuckin' presidents to represent me (whose-)
yeah, know what?
i'll make, you and your wack mans fold like bad hands
roll like monopoly, advance
you're coppin' me like white crystal
i gross the most at the end of the fiscal year than these niggas can wish to
the dead presidential candidate
with the sprinkles and the presidential ice that'll offend you
in due time when crime flees my mind
all sneak thieves and player haters can shine
but until then, i keep the trilliant cut diamonds shinin' brilliant (uh)
i'll tell you half the story, the rest, you fill it in
long as the villain win
i spend japan yen, attend major events
catch me in the joints, convinced my iguanas is bitin'
j-a-y hyphen, controllin', manipulatin'
i got a good life, man, pounds and pence
'nough dollars make sense
while you ride the bench, catch me swingin' for the fence
dead presidents, ya know? uh-huh
dead fuckin' presidents to represent me (whose-)
dead fuckin' presidents to represent me (whose-)
i'm out for presidents to represent me (get money!)
i'm out for presidents to represent me (get money!)
i'm out for presidents to represent me (get money!)
i'm out for dead fuckin' presidents to represent me (whose-)
haha, yeah (haha) yeah, so be it
the soviet, the unified steady flow
you already know, you light, i'm heavy, roll heavy dough
mic-macheted your flow
your paper falls slow like confetti, mine's a steady grow, perico
pay 580 for blow, better believe i have 1160 to show
my dough flip like tae-kwon
jay-z the icon, baby, you like dom?
maybe this cristals'll change your life, huh? roll with the winners
heavy spinners like hit records, roc-a-fella
don't get it corrected, this shit is perfected
from chips to chicks to strippin' in lexus
naked without your gun, we takin' everything you brung
we cakin', you niggas is fakin', we gettin' it done
crime family, well-connected, jay-z
and you fake thugs is unplugged like mtv
i empty three, take your treasure, my pleasure
dead presidentials, politics as usual—blaow!
dead fuckin' presidents to represent me (whose-)
dead fuckin' presidents to represent me (whose-)
dead fuckin' presidents to represent me (whose-)
dead fuckin' presidents to represent me (whose-)
i'm out for presidents to represent me (get money!)
i'm out for presidents to represent me (get money!)
i'm out for presidents to represent me (get money!)
i'm out for presidents to represent me (get money!)
i'm out for presidents to represent me (get money!)
i'm out for presidents to represent me (get money!)
i'm out for presidents to represent me (get money!)
i'm out for dead fuckin' presidents to represent me (whose-)

--- Junior M.A.F.I.A. - Get Money ---
fuck bitches, get money (what?)
fuck niggas, get money (whoo!)
fuck bitches, get money
fuck niggas, get money
fuck bitches, get money
fuck niggas, get money (uh, check it out, uh)
you wanna sip mo' on my livin' room flo'
play nintendo with cease and nino
pick up my phone, say, "poppa not home"
sex all night, mad head in the morn'
spin my v, smoke all my weed
tattoo on titties sayin' "b.i.g." – now check it:
you wanna be my main squeeze, baby
don't ya? you want to give me what i need, baby
won't ya picture life as my wife? just think
full-length mink, fat x and o links
bracelets to match, conversation was all that
showed you the safe combinations and all that
guess you could say you'se the one i trusted
who would ever think that you would spread like mustard?
shit got hot – you sent feds to my spot
took me to court, tried to take all i got
'nother intricate plot, the bitch said i raped her
"damn, why she wanna stick me for my paper?"
my moschino hoe, my versace hottie
come to find out you was fuckin' everybody
you knew about me, the fake i.d
cases in virginia, body in d.c
whoa! woe is me - that's what i get for trickin'
came out on bail, commence the ass-kickin'
kick in the door, wavin' the fo'-fo'
all you heard was, "poppa, don't hit me no more!"
disrespect my clique, my shit's imperial
fuck around and made her milk box material
you feel me? suckin' dick, runnin' your lips
'cause of you, i'm on some real 'fuck a bitch' shit, uhh
fuck bitches, get money (what? ain't seen none of these girls)
fuck niggas, get money
fuck bitches, get money
fuck niggas, get money
fuck bitches, get money
fuck niggas, get money (uh)
fuck bitches, get money (whoo, look at me)
fuck niggas, get money (whoo, i told you niggas)
niggas, better grab a seat
grab on your dick as this bitch gets deep
deeper than the pussy of a bitch 6 feet
stiff dicks feel sweet in this little petite
young bitch from the street, guaranteed to stay down
used to bring work outta town on greyhound
now i'm billboard bound, niggas press to hit it
play me like a chicken, thinkin' i'm pressed to get it
rather do the killin' than the stick-up juxs
rather count a million while you eat my pussy
push me to the limit, get my feelings in it
get me open while i'm cummin' down your throat
then, you wanna be my main squeeze, nigga
don't ya? you wanna lick between my knees, nigga?
don't ya want to see me whippin' your 3 down the ave?
blow up spots on bitches because i'm mad
break up affairs, lick shots in the air
you get vexed and start swinging everywhere
me shifty? now you wanna pistol whip me
pull out your 9 while i cock on mine
yeah, what, nigga? i ain't got time for this
so what, nigga? i'm not tryin' to hear that shit
now you wanna buy me diamonds and armani suits
adrienne vittadini and chanel 9 boots
things that make up for all the games and the lies
hallmark cards sayin' "i apologize"
is you with me? how could you ever deceive me?
but payback's a bitch, motherfucker, believe me
nah, i ain't gay, this ain't no lesbo flow
just a lil' somethin' to let you motherfuckers know
fuck bitches, get money
fuck niggas, get money
fuck bitches, get money
fuck niggas, get money
fuck bitches, get money
fuck niggas, get money
fuck bitches, get money
fuck niggas, get money
fuck bitches, get money
fuck niggas, get money
fuck bitches, get money
fuck niggas, get money
fuck bitches, get money (my nickname be jesus in high school)
fuck niggas, get money (haha, you even believe that shit?)
fuck bitches, get money (god won't believe that shit)
fuck niggas, get money (that's how supreme i am)
fuck bitches, get money
fuck niggas, get money
fuck bitches, get money
fuck niggas, get money
fuck bitches, get money
fuck niggas, get money
fuck bitches, get money
fuck niggas, get money

--- Eric B. & Rakim - Paid In Full ---
yo, rakim, what's up?
yo, i'm doing the knowledge, e, man, i'm trying to get paid in full
well, check this out, since norby walters is our agency, right?
true
cara lewis is our agent
word up
zakia and 4th and broadway is our record company
indeed
okay, so, who we rollin' with, then?
we rollin' with rush
, of rushtown management
check this out, since we talkin' over this def beat right here that i put together
i wanna hear some of them def rhymes, you know what i'm sayin'?
and together we can get paid in full
thinkin' of a master plan
'cause ain't nothin' but sweat inside my hand
so i dig into my pocket, all my money spent
so i dig deeper, but still coming up with lint
so i start my mission, leave my residence
thinking, "how could i get some dead presidents?"
i need money, i used to be a stick-up kid
so i think of all the devious things i did
i used to roll up, "this is a hold-up, ain't nothing funny
stop smiling, be still, don't nothing move but the money"
but now, i've learned to earn 'cause i'm righteous
i feel great, so maybe, i might just
search for a nine to five, if i strive
then maybe i'll stay alive
so i walk up the street, whistling this
feeling out of place 'cause, man, do i miss
a pen and a paper, a stereo, a tape of
me and eric b. and a nice big plate of
fish, which is my favorite dish
but without no money, it's still a wish
'cause i don't like to dream about gettin' paid
so i dig into the books of the rhymes that i made
so now's a test to see if i got pull
hit the studio, 'cause i'm paid in full
rakim, check this out
yo, you go to your girl's house and i'll go to mine
'cause my girl is definitely mad 'cause it took us too long to do this album
yo, i hear what you're saying, so let's just pump the music up and count our money
yo, well check this out
yo, elai
turn the bass down and just let the beat keep on rocking
and we outta here
yo, what happened to peace?
peace

--- Naughty By Nature - Everything’s Gonna Be Alright (Ghetto Bastard) ---
nurse johnson, is the mother still in the recovery room?
yes, dr. blair
okay, i'll go to the waiting room and inform the father it's a boy
i'm afraid there is no father, sir
another ghetto bastard, huh?
i'm afraid so
well, put him with the rest of the born losers
alright, doctor, a shame, isn't it?
not a shame, a problem (dr. blair, dr. blair, dr. j. hamilton, dr. j. hamilton)
smooth it out (alright)
this is a story about the drifter
who waited for the worst, 'cause the best lived 'cross town
who never planned on having, so didn't
why me, huh?
everything's gonna be alright (alright)
everything's gonna be alright (alright)
everything's gonna be alright now (alright)
everything's gonna be alright (alright)
some get a little and some get none
some catch a bad one and some leave the job half-done
i was one who never had and always mad
never knew my dad, motherfuck the fag
well, anyway, i did pickups, lift-and-click-ups
seen many stick-ups, 'cause niggas had the trigger hiccups
i couldn't get a job, nappy hair was not allowed
my mother couldn't afford us all, she had to throw me out
i walked the strip with just a clip, who want a hit?
they got 'em quick, i had to eat, this money's good as spent
i threw in braids, i wasn't paid enough
i kept 'em long 'cause i couldn't afford a haircut
i got laughed at, i got jumped, i got dissed
i got upset, i got a tec and a banana clip
was down to throw the lead to any telling tackhead
i still'd been broke, so a lot of good it woulda did
or done, if not for bad luck, i would have none
why did i have to live the life of such a bad one?
why when i was a kid and played, i was a sad one?
and always wanted to live like this or that one
everything's gonna be alright (alright)
everything's gonna be alright (alright)
everything's gonna be alright now (alright)
everything's gonna be alright (alright)
a ghetto bastard, born next to the projects
living in the slums with bums, i said, "now why, treach
do i have to be like this?" mama said i'm priceless
so why am i worthless? starving is just what being nice get
sometimes i wish i could afford a pistol then, though
to stop the hell, i would've ended things a while ago
i ain't have jack but a black hat and knapsack
war scars, stolen cars, and a blackjack (alright)
drop that, and now you want me to rap and give?
say something positive? well, positive ain't where i live
i live right around the corner from west hell
two blocks from south shit and once in a jail cell
the sun never shone on my side of the street, see
and only once or twice a week, i would speak
i walked alone, my state of mind was home sweet home
i couldn't keep a girl, they wanted kids with cars of chrome
some life, if you ain't wear gold, your style was old
and you got more juice than dough for every bottle sold
hell no, i say there's gotta be a better way
but hey, never gamble in a game that you can't play
i'm slowin' and flowin' and goin', knowin' no one and not now
how will i do it? how will i make it? i won't, that's how
why me, huh?
everything's gonna be alright (alright)
everything's gonna be alright (alright)
everything's gonna be alright now (alright)
everything's gonna be alright (alright)
my third year into adulthood and still a knucklehead
i'm better off dead, huh, that's what my neighbor said
i don't do jack but fightin', lightin' up the street at night
playing hide-and-seek with a machete, sexing freddy's wife (alright)
some say i'm rolling on, nothing but a dog now
i answer that with a "fuck you," and a bow-wow
'cause i done been through more shit within the last week
than a fly flowing in doo-doo on the concrete
i been a deadbeat, dead to the world and dead wrong
since i was born, that's my life, oh, you don't know this song?
so don't say jack, and please don't say you understand
all that man-to-man talk can walk, damn
if you ain't live it, you couldn't feel it, so kill it, skillet
and all that talk about it won't help it out, now will it?
in illtown, pure luck got stuck-up, props got shot
don't worry got hit by a flurry and his punk ass dropped
but i'm the one who has been labeled as an outcast
they teach in schools i'm the misfit y'all will outlast
but that's cool with the fool, smack 'em backwards
that's what you get for fuckin' with a ghetto bastard
if you ain't ever been to the ghetto
don't ever come to the ghetto
'cause you wouldn't understand the ghetto
and stay the fuck out of the ghetto (alright)
why me? (alright)
why me?
(alright)
(alright)
(alright)

--- Dr. Dre ft. Snoop Dogg - Deep Cover ---
hit this motherfucker, g
no, naw, man, i can't fuck with that
aw, man, i been dealin' with you for three motherfuckin' months, you ain't hit the pipe in front of me yet!
so, what you sayin', man?
i think you 5-0
5-0? man, i ain't no motherfuckin' cop
well, hit this motherfucker then
{*lights pipe*}
"i can feel it—"
tonight's the night i get in some shit (yeah)
deep cover, on the incognito tip
killin' motherfuckers if i have to, peelin' caps, too
let your niggas know i'm comin' at you
i guess that's part of the game
but i feel for the nigga who think he just gonna come and change
things with the swiftness
so get it right with the quickness
and let me handle my business, yo
i'm on a mission, and my mission won't stop
until i get the nigga maxin' at the top
i hope you get his ass 'fore he drop
kingpin, kickin' back while his workers slang his rocks
comin' up like a fat rat
big money, big cars, big bodyguards on his back
so it's difficult to get him
but i got the hook-up with somebody who knows how to get in
contact with him; hit him like this and like that
let him know that i'm lookin' for a big, fat dope sack
with ends to spend, so let's rush it
if you want to handle it tonight, we'll discuss it
on a nigga's time, and a nigga's place
take my strap, just in case one of his boys recognize my face
'cause he's a sheisty motherfucker
but i gives a fuck, 'cause i'm goin' deep cover
yeah, and you don't stop
'cause it's 1-8-7 on a undercover cop
yeah, and you don't stop
'cause it's 1-8-7 on a undercover cop
creep with me, as i crawl through the hood
maniac, lunatic, call him "snoop eastwood"
kickin' dust as i bust, fuck peace, and
the motherfuckin' punk police
you already know i gives a fuck about a cop
so why in the fuck would you think that it would stop?
plot, yeah, that's what we's about to do
take your ass on a mission with the boys in blue
dre (what up, snoop?) yo, i got the feelin'
tonight's the night, like betty wright, man, i'm chillin'
killin', feelin' no remorse, yeah
so let's go straight to the motherfuckin' source
and see what we can find
crooked-ass cops that be gettin' niggas a gang of time
and now, they wanna make a deal with me
scoop me up and put me on they team and chill with me
and make my pockets bigger
they want to meet with me tonight at 7 o'clock (so, what's up, nigga?)
what you wanna do? (what you wanna do?)
i got the gauge, a uzi, and my motherfuckin' .22
so, if you wanna blast, nigga, we can buck 'em
if we stick 'em, then we stuck 'em, so, fuck 'em
("i can feel it—!")
yeah, and you don't stop
'cause it's 1-8-7 on a undercover cop
yeah, and you don't stop
'cause it's 1-8-7 on a undercover cop
6-4-5 was the time on the clock
when me and my homie bailed in the parking lot
the scene looked strange, and it felt like a set-up
bet' not be, 'cause if it is, they gettin' lit up
oh, here they come from the back in they 'lacs
i'm checkin' for they gats, they strapped; so what's up, black?
chill, let's hear the deal
if it ain't up to what you feel, then grab your steel
right, so, what you motherfuckers gon' come at me with?
hope you ain't wantin' none of my grip
'cause you can save that shit (guess what they told me?)
"we'll give you 20 g's if you snitch on your homie
we'll put you in a home, and make your life plush
oh, yeah, but you got to sell dope for us"
"hmmm, let me think about it"
turned my back and grabbed my gat
and guess what i told him 'fore i shot him?
"if you don't quit, yeah
if you don't stop, yeah
i'm lettin' my gat pop"
'cause it's 1-8-7 on a undercover cop
yeah, and you don't stop
'cause it's 1-8-7 on a undercover cop
yeah, and you don't stop
'cause it's 1-8-7 on a undercover cop
yeah, and you don't stop
'cause it's 1-8-7 on a undercover cop
yeah, and you don't stop
'cause it's 1-8-7 on a undercover cop
yeah, and you don't stop
'cause it's 1-8-7 on a undercover cop

--- Mobb Deep - Survival of the Fittest ---
yeah, sendin' this one out to my man killa b
no doubt, indeed
where that weed? nahmsayin'?
that old real shit
there's a war goin' on outside, no man is safe from
you could run, but you can't hide forever
from these streets that we done took
you walkin' with your head down, scared to look
you shook, ‘cause ain't no such things as halfway crooks
they never around when the beef cooks in my part of town
it's similar to vietnam
now we all grown up and old, and beyond the cops' control
they better have the riot gear ready
tryin' to bag me and get rocked steady!
by the mac one-double, i touch you
and leave you with not much to go home with
my skin is thick, ‘cause i be up in the mix of action
if i'm not at home, puffin' lye, relaxin'
new york got a nigga depressed
so i wear a slug-proof underneath my guess
god bless my soul
before i put my foot down and begin to stroll
into the drama i built
and all unfinished beef, you will soon be killed
put us together, it's like mixin' vodka and milk
i'm goin out blastin', takin' my enemies with me
and if not, they scarred, so they will never forget me
lord, forgive me, the hennessy got me not knowin' how to act
i'm fallin' and i can't turn back
or maybe it's the words from my man killa black
that i can't say, so it's left a untold fact
until my death, my goal's to stay alive
survival of the fit, only the strong survive
yo, yo, we livin' this 'til the day that we die
survival of the fit, only the strong survive (we still livin' it)
we livin' this 'til the day that we die
survival of the fit, only the strong survive
(thug life, we still livin' it)
we livin' this 'til the day that we die
survival of the fit, only the strong survive
(we still livin' it)
we livin' this 'til the day that we die
survival of the fit, only the strong survive
i'm trapped in between two worlds, tryin' to get dough
y'know, when the dough get low, the jewels go
but never that! as long as fiends smoke crack
i'll be on the block hustlin', countin' my stacks
no doubt, watchin' my back and proceed with caution
five-o lurkin', no time to get lost in the system
niggas usin' fake names to get out quick
my brother did it and got bagged with two ounces
i live a world where squads hit the block hard
ask my man twin, when he got bagged, that fucked me up, god
but shit happens for a reason
you find out who's your true peoples when you're upstate bleedin'
you can't find a shorty to troop your bid with you
hit with a two-to-four is difficult
wild on the streets, i try to maintain
tight with my loot, ‘cause hoes like to run game
some niggas like to trick, but i ain't with that trickin' shit
i'm like a jew, savin' dough so i can big whip
pushin' a lex, now i'm set, ready to jet
no matter how much loot i get, i'm stayin' in the projects forever!
jakes on the blocks — we out-clever
if beef, we never separate, roll together
when worst comes to worst, my peoples come first
try to react and get them motherfuckin' feelings hurt
my crew's all about loot
fuck lookin' cute! i'm strictly timb boots and army certified suits
puffin' l's, laid back, enjoyin' the smell
in the 'bridge, gettin' down, it ain't hard to tell
you better realize
we livin' this 'til the day that we die
survival of the fit, only the strong survive
(we still livin' it)
we livin' this 'til the day that we die
survival of the fit, only the strong survive
(thug life, we still livin' it)
we livin' this 'til the day that we die
survival of the fit, only the strong survive
(we still livin' it)
we livin' this 'til the day that we die
survival of the fit, only the strong survive
open your eyes and get wise
look alive, in '95, word up
hypnotic thug life, get that ass paralyzed, nahmsayin'?
mobb deep and all that

--- Tupac - I Ain’t Mad At Cha ---
change, shit
i guess change is good for any of us
whatever it take for any of y'all niggas to get up out the hood
shit, i'm wit' ya, i ain't mad at cha
got nothin' but love for ya, do your thing, boy
yeah, all the homies that i ain't talk to in a while
i'ma send this one out for y'all
know what i mean? 'cause i ain't mad at cha
heard y'all tearin' up shit out there
kickin' up dust, givin' a motherfuck
yeah, niggas, 'cause i ain't mad at cha
now we was once two niggas of the same kind
quick to holla at a hoochie with the same line
you was just a little smaller, but you still rolled
got stretched to y.a. and hit the hood swoll
'member when you had a jheri curl, didn't quite learn
on the block, wit'cha glock, trippin' off sherm
collect calls to the crib, sayin' how you've changed
oh, you a muslim now? no more dope game
heard you might be comin' home, just got bail
wanna go to the mosque, don't wanna chase tail
it seems i lost my little homie, he's a changed man
hit the pen' and now no sinnin' is the game plan
when i talk about money, all you see is the struggle
when i tell you i'm livin' large, you tell me it's trouble
congratulations on the weddin', i hope your wife know
she got a player for life, and that's no bullshittin'
i know we grew apart, you probably don't remember
i used to fiend for your sister, but never went up in her
and i can see us after school, we'd bomb
on the first motherfucker with the wrong shit on
now the whole shit's changed and we don't even kick it
got a big money scheme and you ain't even with it
knew in my heart you was the same motherfucker that
go toe-to-toe, when it's time to roll you got a brother's back
and i can't even trip, 'cause i'm just laughin' at cha
you tryin' hard to maintain, then go ahead
'cause i ain't mad at cha
i ain't mad at cha
i ain't mad at cha
i ain't mad at cha
we used to be like distant cousins, fightin', playin' dozens
whole neighborhood buzzin', knowin' that we wasn't
used to catch us on the roof or behind the stairs
i'm gettin' blitzed and i reminisce on all the times we shared
besides bumpin' and grindin', wasn't nothin' on our mind
in time, we'd learned to live a life of crime
rewind us back to a time was much too young to know
i caught a felony, lovin' the way the guns blow
and even though we separated, you said that you'd wait
don't give nobody no coochie while i'll be locked up-state
i kiss my mama goodbye and wipe the tears from her lonely eyes
said i'll return but i gotta fight, the fate's arrived
don't shed a tear, 'cause mama, i ain't happy here
i blew trial, no more smiles for a couple years
they got me goin' mad, i'm knockin' busters on they backs
in my cell, thinkin', "hell, i know one day i'll be back"
as soon as i touch down
i told my girl i'd be there, so prepare to get fucked down
the homies wanna kick it, but i'm just laughin' at cha
'cause you's a down-ass bitch and i ain't mad at cha
i ain't mad at cha
i ain't mad at cha
i ain't mad at cha
a true down-ass bitch, and i ain't mad at cha
well, guess who's movin' up? this nigga's ballin' now
bitches be callin' to get it, hookers keep fallin' down
he went from nothin' to lots, ten carats to rock
went from a nobody nigga to the big man on the block
he's mr. local-celebrity, addicted to movin' ki's
most hated by enemies, escape in the luxury
see, first you was our nigga, but you made it so the choice is made
now we gotta slay you while you faded, in the younger days
so full of pain while the weapons blaze
gettin' so high off that bomb, hopin' we make it to the better days
'cause crime pays, and in time, you'll find a rhyme'll blaze
you'll feel the fire from the niggas in my younger days
so many changed on me, so many tried to plot
that i keep a glock beside my head, when will it stop?
'til god return me to my essence
'cause even as an adolescent, i refused to be a convalescent
so many questions and they ask me if i'm still down
i moved up out of the ghetto, so i ain't real now?
they got so much to say, but i'm just laughin' at cha
you niggas just don't know, (ohh) but i ain't mad at cha
i ain't mad at cha
ha, i ain't mad at cha
i ain't mad at cha
hell nah, i ain't mad at cha
i ain't mad at cha
you knd iowain't mad at cha
i ain't mad at cha
i ain't mad at cha
(i ain't mad at cha)
i ain't mad at cha

--- Slick Rick - Hey Young World ---
guess who's back
guess who's back
guess who's back
hey young world, the world is yours
hey young world, the world is yours
young world young world, the world is yours
young world
this rap here, it may cause concern, it's
broad and deep, why don't you listen and learn?
love, peace, happiness, that once was strong
but due to society, even that's turned wrong
times have changed, ayy, it's cool to look bummy
and be a dumb dummy and disrespect your mummy
have you forgotten, who put you on this earth?
who brought you up right, and who loved you since your birth?
reward is a brainwashed kid going wild
young little girls already have a child
bad company, hey, now you've been framed
your parents are hurting, hurting and ashamed
you're ruining yourself, and your mommy can't cope
hey, little kids, don't follow these dopes
here's a rule for the non fool, your life don't drool
don't be a fool like those that don't go to school
get ahead and accomplish things
you'll see the wonder and the joy life brings
don't admire thieves 'cause, hey, they don't admire you
their time's limited, hard rocks' too
so listen, be strong, scream whoopee-doo
go for yours, 'cause dreams come true
and you'll make your mommy proud, so proud of you too
and this is a message, that the ruler rick threw
and it's true
you know, you know what, you know what, you know what?
we like to party, like to party
you know, you know what, you know what?
we like to party (hey young world, the world is yours)
(hey young world)
you know, you know what, you know what, you know what?
we like to party, like to party
yo, peep this
hey mr. bigshot, hey, don't you look fly?
but you don't have a dollar, ohhhh, my my my
you've been fightin' again and you forgot why
hey kid, walk straight, master your high
why? because you make your family cry
and all jokes aside, are you in good health?
hey little boy, now have you really checked yourself?
you're a disgust, you know someone that i can't trust, you'd
steal mom's welfare, and you'd run and buy some dust, and
plus, i must say, big shot, you're not
your friends are talking and i'm hearing that your girls are what?
you didn't know? go steal and rob
and while you're at it, go get a suit for a job
you see you're actin' like this urge is demanding
c'mon, wake up, have some understanding
society's a weak excuse for a man
it's time for the brothers, it's time trying to take the stand
believe it or not, the lord still shines on you, he
guides you, and he watched you as you grew, plus
past the age of, a little child, that's true
but folks your age don't act like you do, so
so be mature, and put the point to a halt
and if you're over eighteen, i wish you'd act like an adult
don't live in a world, of hate, hate, hate
pull yourself together, and get yourself straight
men don't steal, hey, most don't borrow
and if you smoke crack, your kids'll smoke crack tomorrow
so be more mature, and kids do your chores
make your own money, hey, be proud that's yours
you know why, 'cause that's a man, that's brains, no spite
stayin' out of trouble, when it comes in sight
and a man never loses a fight, in god's sight
'cause righteous laws are overdue
and this is a message that the ruler rick threw
and it's true
you know, you know what, you know what, you know what?
we like to party, like to party
you know, you know what, you know what, you know what?
we like to party, like to party
(hey young world, the world is yours)
(hey young world)
yo, peep this
mc... ricky... d...
the grand grand grand wizzard
and his and his partner
and his and his and his
and his and his and his partner
say what?
la-di! da-di! la-di! da-di!
la-di! da-di! la-di! da-di!
la-di! da-di! la-di! da-di!
la-di-da-di

--- Big Daddy Kane - I Get the Job Done ---
hey yo teddy
 yo
 i ran into a young lady maliya last night
 word?
 must have been her husband's payday
 heheh
 because she bought me this here brand new
diamond link that you see me with on
 mmm
 smooth, you knowhati'msayin? you know why?
 why kane?
 cause i get the job done
i work
i work
i work
i work.. baby!
i work
i work
i work
i work.. baby!
the question at hand, is how do i love thee?
i count the ways but girls don't shove me
one by one you can come and caress me
undress and molest me but you can't posess me
because i love a young lady that's beautiful
but one that's smart for me, is more suitable
in other words, to make it simple and plain
you gotta have a brain in order to be ms. kane
but in the case of not becomin my lady
i take em eight to eighty, dumb crippled and crazy
crisp and clean with no caffeine
and a pair of spandex or either tight jeans
couldn't believe the ones with the chinese cuts
but i'll take 'em with the weave hangin down to they butts
and if you step up in a large sum
like martin luther king, i shall overcome
i get the job done
i work
i work
i work
i work.. baby!
i work
i work
i work
i work.. baby!
some of you ladies make moves too quick
and settle down, without havin a large pick
rushed into becoming some poohbutt's wife
and no longer do you enjoy, the married life
well, i let you know this is a brand new year
so never fear, the big daddy is here
to do things in places your husband wouldn't
and do certain things he probably just couldn't
let me sneak into your life, like a thief in the night
lick your body all over and squeeze you real tight
nibble all over your ear and give your back a massage
you'll say, "oooh i like it," just like debarge (how large)
smooth and mild i'll make you smile, honey child
then hit the lights and get buckwild
and when i turn her back on, you'll have to say
like calgon, please take me away
so when your main course is doin nothin for ya
just look at me as a tasty side order
that came into your life and brought a thrill
cause any husband won't, i'm a neighbor who will, get the job done..
i work
i work
i work
i work.. baby!
i work
i work
i work
i work.. baby!
t.r., take it to the bridge, uhh!
here's a perfect description of me
six foot one, and dark and lovely
and if they're sayin black is beautiful, it's true not phony
i'm browner than bobby so won't you be my tenderoni
and get a whiff of this nymphomaniac
an up-to-date mack that's ready to attack
and prove that i'm a pro and far from a rookie
ain't no hair on my chest, but i'm one tough cookie
whoever said you had to be one-hundred percent
masculine in order to be in?
i'd rather be more subtle and smooth and sooth
girl, you won't disapprove
and i promise that you'll never forget
hmmmmmmmmmmm, now what's a title to fit me?
a champ like tyson, a captain like kirk, no
employee of the month, cause yo, i do work
the k-a-n-e is on the j-o-b
an expert, cause i get it d-o-n-e
so lights, camera, action - all hail the one!
that gets the job done
i work
i work
i work
i work.. baby!
i work
i work
i work
i work.. baby!

--- Grandmaster Flash & The Furious Five - The Message ---
it's like a jungle sometimes
it makes me wonder how i keep from going under
it's like a jungle sometimes
it makes me wonder how i keep from going under
broken glass everywhere
people pissing on the stairs, you know they just don't care
i can't take the smell, can't take the noise
got no money to move out, i guess i got no choice
rats in the front room, roaches in the back
junkies in the alley with a baseball bat
i tried to get away, but i couldn't get far
'cause a man with a tow truck repossessed my car
don't push me 'cause i'm close to the edge
i'm trying not to lose my head
ah-huh-huh-huh-huh
it's like a jungle sometimes
it makes me wonder how i keep from going under
standing on the front stoop, hanging out the window
watching all the cars go by, roaring as the breezes blow
a crazy lady livin' in a bag
eating out of garbage pails, used to be a fag hag
said she'll dance the tango, skip the light fandango
a zircon princess, seemed to lost her senses
down at the peep show watching all the creeps
so she can tell her stories to the girls back home
she went to the city and got so, so saditty
she had to get a pimp, she couldn't make it on her own
don't push me 'cause i'm close to the edge
i'm trying not to lose my head
ah-huh-huh-huh-huh
it's like a jungle sometimes
it makes me wonder how i keep from going under
it's like a jungle sometimes
it makes me wonder how i keep from going under
my brother's doing bad, stole my mother's tv
says she watches too much, it's just not healthy
all my children
 in the daytime, dallas
 at night
can't even see the game or the sugar ray fight
the bill collectors, they ring my phone
and scare my wife when i'm not home
got a bum education, double-digit inflation
can't take the train to the job, there's a strike at the station
neon king kong standing on my back
can't stop to turn around, broke my sacroiliac
a mid-range migraine, cancered membrane
sometimes i think i'm going insane, i swear i might hijack a plane
don't push me 'cause i'm close to the edge
i'm trying not to lose my head
it's like a jungle sometimes
it makes me wonder how i keep from going under
it's like a jungle sometimes
it makes me wonder how i keep from going under
my son said, "daddy, i don't wanna go to school
'cause the teacher's a jerk, he must think i'm a fool
and all the kids smoke reefer, i think it'd be cheaper
if i just got a job, learned to be a street sweeper
or dance to the beat, shuffle my feet
wear a shirt and tie and run with the creeps
'cause it's all about money, ain't a damn thing funny
you got to have a con in this land of milk and honey
they pushed that girl in front of the train
took her to the doctor, sewed her arm on again
stabbed that man right in his heart
gave him a transplant for a brand new start
i can't walk through the park 'cause it's crazy after dark
keep my hand on my gun 'cause they got me on the run
i feel like a outlaw, broke my last glass jaw
hear them say, 'you want some more?' livin' on a see-saw"
don't push me 'cause i'm close to the edge
i'm trying not to lose my head (say what?)
it's like a jungle sometimes
it makes me wonder how i keep from goin' under
it's like a jungle sometimes
it makes me wonder how i keep from goin' under
it's like a jungle sometimes
it makes me wonder how i keep from goin' under
it's like a jungle sometimes
it makes me wonder how i keep from goin' under
a child is born with no state of mind
blind to the ways of mankind
god is smiling on you, but he's frowning too
because only god knows what you'll go through
you'll grow in the ghetto living second-rate
and your eyes will sing a song of deep hate
the places you play and where you stay
looks like one great big alleyway
you'll admire all the number-book takers
thugs, pimps and pushers and the big money-makers
driving big cars, spending twenties and tens
and you wanna grow up to be just like them, huh
smugglers, scramblers, burglars, gamblers
pickpocket peddlers, even panhandlers
you say, "i'm cool, huh, i'm no fool"
but then you wind up droppin' out of high school
now you're unemployed, all null and void
walking 'round like you're pretty boy floyd
turned stick-up kid, but look what you done did
got sent up for a eight-year bid
now your manhood is took and you're a maytag
spend the next two years as a undercover fag
being used and abused to serve like hell
'til one day you was found hung dead in the cell
it was plain to see that your life was lost
you was cold and your body swung back and forth
but now your eyes sing the sad, sad song
of how you lived so fast and died so young, so
don't push me cause i'm close to the edge
i'm trying not to lose my head
ah-huh-huh-huh-huh
it's like a jungle sometimes
it makes me wonder how i keep from going under
huh, ah-huh-huh-huh-huh
it's like a jungle sometimes
it makes me wonder how i keep from going under
huh, ah-huh-huh-huh-huh
yo, mel, you see that girl there?
yeah, man (ooh-ooh)
yo, that sound like cowboy, man
cool
yo, what's up, money?
yo
hey, where's creole and rahiem at, man?
i think they upstairs cooling out
so what's up for tonight, y'all?
yo, we could go down to fever, man
let's go check out junebug, man
ayo, you know that girl betty?
yeah, man
her moms got robbed, man
not again, man (what?)
she got hurt bad
when did this happen? when did it happen?
what's goin' on?
freeze, don't nobody move nothin', y'all know what this is
what's up?
get 'em up, get 'em up, man
we down with grandmaster flash and the furious five, man
grandmaster five?
what is that, a gang?
no, man
just shut—ayy, shut up, i don't wanna hear your mouth
shut up
excuse me, officer, officer, what's the problem?
ain't no—you the problem, you the problem
yo, yo, you ain't gotta push me, man
get in the car, get in the car
get in the god—
i said, "get in the car"
why is he doggin' us, man?

--- Kurtis Blow - The Breaks ---
clap your hands everybody
if you got what it takes
'cause i'm kurtis blow and i want you to know
that these are the breaks
brakes on a bus, brakes on a car
breaks to make you a superstar
breaks to win and breaks to lose
but these here breaks will rock your shoes
and these are the breaks
break it up, break it up, break it up!
if your woman steps out with another man
(that's the breaks, that's the breaks!)
and she runs off with him to japan
(that's the breaks, that's the breaks!)
and the irs says they want to chat
(that's the breaks, that's the breaks!)
and you can't explain why you claimed your cat
(that's the breaks, that's the breaks!)
and ma bell sends you a whopping bill
(that's the breaks, that's the breaks!)
with 18 phone calls to brazil
(that's the breaks, that's the breaks!)
and you borrowed money from the mob
(that's the breaks, that's the breaks!)
and yesterday you lost your job
(that's the breaks, that's the breaks!)
well, these are the breaks
break it up, break it up, break it up
throw your hands up in the sky
and wave 'em round from side to side
and if you deserve a break tonight
somebody say alright! (all right)
say ho-oo! (ho-oo!)
you don't stop
keep on, somebody scream! (owwwww!)
break down!
breaks on a stage, breaks on a screen
breaks to make your wallet lean
breaks run cold and breaks run hot
some folks got 'em and some have not
but these are the breaks
break it up, break it up, break it up
break down!
to the girl in brown, stop messing around
(break it up, break it up!)
to the guy in blue, whatcha gonna do?
(break it up, break it up!)
and to the girl in green, don't be so mean
(break it up, break it up!)
and the guy in red, say what i said
(break it up, break it up!)
break down!
brakes on a plane, brakes on a train
breaks to make you go insane
breaks in love, breaks in war
but we got the breaks to get you on the floor
and these are the breaks
break it up, break it up, break it up
break down! yo!
just do it, just do it, just do it, do it, do it!
just do it, just do it, just do it, do it, do it!
just do it, just do it, just do it, do it, do it!
just do it, just do it, just do it, do it, do it!
you say last week you met the perfect guy
(that's the breaks, that's the breaks!)
and he promised you the stars in the sky
(that's the breaks, that's the breaks!)
he said his cadillac was gold
(that's the breaks, that's the breaks!)
but he didn't say it was 10 years old
(that's the breaks, that's the breaks!)
he took you out to the red coach grill
(that's the breaks, that's the breaks!)
but he forgot the cash and you paid the bill
(that's the breaks, that's the breaks!)
and he told you the story of his life
(that's the breaks, that's the breaks!)
but he forgot the part about... his wife! huh! huh!
(that's the breaks, that's the breaks!)
well, these are the breaks!
break it up, break it up, break it up!
break down!

--- EPMD - Gold Digger ---
brothers, things done got too far gone (tell 'em 'bout it)
we got to let the girls know what they gotta do for us
oh, what the heck
let's get married and have a son named erick
no big deal, no sweat
hmm, i was in for a big surprise
when i saw the judge hammer pass my green eyes
brain-locked, my whole damn head was malfunctional
'cause i forgot to cosign a prenuptial agreement
now her case is hard like cement
i have no files on all the money she spent
she has a car, 1990 brand new jaguar
fly kit with chrome rims that's five star
that she bought when i was away on tour
hittin' my bank account, gettin' more and more money
she got paid, it wasn't funny
talkin to myself, oh, you big, big dummy
just my luck that i'm stuck with a marriage
and a baby who lays in a gold carriage
and i can't leave, if i do, she gets half (not the cash)
oh, yes, the whole damn bash of money
so i chill and act so sweet
kiss her feet, can't picture bein' in the street
so i give a fake smile and a fake laugh
fake everything so i can keep all my cash
fake talk like, "i love you so much"
but wishin' she gets hit by a mack truck
next time, if there's one, i'll know
that most women strictly out for the dough
they're called gold diggers
she's a gold digger
she's a gold digger
she's a gold digger
the p had a close call, quiet as kept, i dated this (fly girl)
yeah, and almost got vicked
she had green eyes, thunder thighs, and a def body (so what you sayin'?)
top it off, she drove a black maserati
chrome kit, with a smile i couldn't resist
i tapped e on the shoulder and said, "yeah, i gots to get this"
(p, cool, she couldn't be a gold digger)
not with that smile and that stupid boomin' figure
'til one day, she spent the crazy dough
ten g's on levi's, cold went rambo
but then she smiled, gave me a back massage
gassed my head up and said (oh, p, you're so large)
like a jerk, i went for the line like a fish
but she was far from a dream girl, and more like a death wish
she likes to sit back, lamp, walk on plush rugs
whip my 560, sip moet and bug
so did you flip? tried to, but she cut me off
and said, "guess what?" (what?)
"i'm pregnant" (pregnant? damn)
yeah, and the child is yours
so to fellas who wanna keep they cash
well, beware of the jack hammer and the helmet that glows
'cause she's a gold digger
she's a gold digger
she's a gold digger
she's a gold digger
that's why, men in the '90s must watch themselves
'cause ladies of the '80s got hip and went for self
with the new divorce laws which entitles them half
that means the house goes, the car, you and half your cash
what a price to pay, but if you play, you pay
'cause women of the world, they got smart today
they flash a smile and profile, a pucker with a strut
try to move in, knock the boots and got stuck
with alimony payments, time to meet judge wapner
you try to flip and cut, but she smiles 'cause she got you
you get a flashback to wedding, when you vowed the vow
said the two deadly words, i do, but look now
you lost the house, the car
eatin' tv dinners in a one-bedroom apartment
boy, you picked a winner
but what goes around comes around
that's why she wheels the benz and you ride greyhound
oh, just your luck, they on strike
take off the wedding band, put out the thumb, time to hitchhike
and the more you walk, the pain from your corns get bigger
(now you know)
not to mess with a gold digger
she's a gold digger
she's a gold digger
she's a gold digger
yeah, epmd's in effect, dj scratch runs flex, boy
hit squad and the twins in the house

--- Coolio - Gangsta’s Paradise ---
as i walk through the valley of the shadow of death
i take a look at my life and realize there's nothin' left
'cause i've been blastin' and laughin' so long that
even my mama thinks that my mind is gone
but i ain't never crossed a man that didn't deserve it
me be treated like a punk? you know that's unheard of
you better watch how ya talkin' and where you walkin'
or you and your homies might be lined in chalk
i really hate to trip, but i gotta loc
as they croak, i see myself in the pistol smoke, fool
i'm the kinda g the little homies wanna be like
on my knees in the night sayin' prayers in the streetlight
they've been spendin' most their lives livin' in the gangsta's paradise
they've been spendin' most their lives livin' in the gangsta's paradise
we keep spendin' most our lives livin' in the gangsta's paradise
we keep spendin' most our lives livin' in the gangsta's paradise
look at the situation they got me facin'
i can't live a normal life, i was raised by the street
so i gotta be down with the hood team
too much television watchin' got me chasin' dreams
i'm a educated fool with money on my mind
got my ten in my hand and a gleam in my eye
i'm a loc'd out gangsta, set trippin' banger
and my homies is down, so don't arouse my anger, fool
death ain't nothin' but a heartbeat away
i'm livin' life do-or-die, what can i say?
i'm twenty-three now, but will i live to see twenty-four?
the way things is goin', i don't know
tell me, why are we so blind to see
that the ones we hurt are you and me?
they've been spendin' most their lives livin' in the gangsta's paradise
they've been spendin' most their lives livin' in the gangsta's paradise
we keep spendin' most our lives livin' in the gangsta's paradise
we keep spendin' most our lives livin' in the gangsta's paradise
power and the money, money and the power
minute after minute, hour after hour
everybody's runnin', but half of them ain't lookin'
it's goin' on in the kitchen, but i don't know what's cookin'
they say i got to learn, but nobody's here to teach me
if they can't understand it, how can they reach me?
i guess they can't, i guess they won't, i guess they front
that's why i know my life is out of luck, fool
they've been spendin' most their lives livin' in the gangsta's paradise
they've been spendin' most their lives livin' in the gangsta's paradise
we keep spendin' most our lives livin' in the gangsta's paradise
we keep spendin' most our lives livin' in the gangsta's paradise
tell me, why are we so blind to see
that the ones we hurt are you and me?
tell me, why are we so blind to see
that the ones we hurt are you and me?

--- Bone Thugs-N-Harmony - Foe Tha Love of $ ---
for the love of money
gotta make that money, man
that money, man, it's still the same now
gotta make that money, man
that money, man, it's still the same now
gotta make that money, man
that money, man, it's still the same now
gotta make that money, man
that money, man, it's still the same now
gotta get on the grind, pop in the clip of my 9
and, bitch, if you slip, you hit the chalk
and fall in the night time, gotta get mine
ain't takin' no shorts or no losses
hop on the phone, call up my nigga, sittin' at home
polishin' that mac-10 chrome
got a lick we can hit, so bring yo' shit
'cause once again it's on (for the love of money)
to the dome with a fifth of bourb'
my wig to the curb so we swerve and rolled out
to pick up the triple six thug
and follow the murder for robbin' the dope house (for the love of money)
smoke up outta me bong
so high, now comin' to slay with four grenades
and a gauge, i'ma play
watch all 'em fall in their grave and lay (for the love of money)
pullin' in the driveway
wish spotted the place and quickly rolled up
bulldozed through the livin' room
hopped out of the car and started to blow up (for the love of money)
buck buck and a kaboom
and blew all them bodies all over the room
them doomed, and gotta move fast
why? the po-po's comin' (for the love of money)
snatch up me yummy
so nigga, don't think it's funny
i'm comin' up quick in the nine-quad
'cause flesh be lovin' his money, his money (for the love of money)
i'm given up love to the hustlers, all them st. clair thugstas
makin' that money, stayin' on your feet
and you better believe, gotta have that cheese
for the green leaves, never catch me sleep (for the love of money)
steady on the grind, get mine
stayin' down for my crime, man i hit up the nine-nine
givin' up that yayo
makin' me sale, twenties, nickles, and dimes (for the love of money)
beat up and stick up a lick up, that 2-11
gotta get what's mine, then bailin'
me kickin' up dust, i'm trailin'
failin', 1-8-7 (for the love of money)
that's how it is
and i gots to have it in the nine-quad
mission to check a mil'
and still be real, thuggin' on the glock-glock (for the love of money)
creepin' on the come up, won't sleep 'til i'm done up
gotta blaze me blunt up
hunt up another plot and scheme
gotta make some green cause soldiers nut up (for the love of money)
what up? gotta get that business on
even though the buddha run me
stun me, feelin' lovely
but i'm just in it for the love of the money (for the love of money)
gotta make that money, man
that money, man, it's still the same now
gotta make that money, man
that money, man, it's still the same now (for the love of money)
gotta make that money, man
that money, man, it's still the same now (for the love of money, yeah)
gotta make that money, man
that money, man, it's still the same now (for the love of money)
standin' on the corner, straight slangin' rocks
aw shit! here comes the motherfuckin' cops (for the love of money)
so i dash, i ducks and i hides behind a tree
makin' sure them motherfuckers don't see me (for the love of money)
now my fat sack of rocks, hell yeah, i stuffed 'em
police on my drawers, i had to pause (for the love of money)
and yeah, it's still motherfuck 'em
now my game is tight, tight as fuck is my game (for the love of money)
eazy-motherfuckin'-e or eric wright, it's all the same
now niggas might trip on how i stacks my grip (for the love of money)
i gotta have it, bitch
gotta make that money, man
that money, man, it's still the same now (for the love of this shit)
gotta make that money, man (motherfuckerrrrrrrrrrrr!)
that money, man, it's still the same now (for the love of money)
gotta make that money, man
that money, man, it's still the same now
gotta make that money, man
that money, man (for the love of money)
when dough got me thugsta
thuggish ways, down for my crime every time
follow me down the nine-nine
and you will find all of me kind (for the love of money)
check out the ripsta now, drop down
run 'em up outta me hood
rip straight when makin' me grip with-a me click
rollin' with ruthless, the thug i be (for the love of money)
me put 'em in mud, buck 'em, and pump blood
got nothin' to lose, bitch
you better respect rip
or you best just check this slug (for the love of money)
it's goin' down, steady pump
and peel rounds, gunnin' witha me gang
bang, gotta make that money, man
it's still the same, steady runnin' thing wild (for the love of money)
and follow me now
while i take you up into a barrel of a gun
see, for the dub you're done
for the bud, i run, for the love of money (for the love of money)
gotta get down for my thang off in this thug game
so peep as me creep or me crawlin'
off on the mission to back in the days
when niggas was bailin' with sawed-offs and wanted to get paid
(for the love of money) runnin' to my side, little nigga
ripsta, both on the mission for money
you give up the cash, oh, that was your ass
'cause me and my nigga was hungry (for the love of money)
and, bitch, if you're stallin'
you might just catch one to the temple
and um, bone raw doggin'
so nigga, just make this shit simple and run (for the love of money)
to catch one nigga
me fill 'em with bullets and dump 'em in rivers
remember, me killer now (for the love of money)
for money, me dig you six feet in a ditch
and get richer cause bitch, you were slippin'
i'll cut you and rip you, then buck you down (for the love of money)
steady robbin' and stealin', makin' a killin'
nigga drug dealin', needin' a million
hustlin' drugs when the thugs be chillin'
for the money, these niggas be sinnin'
off in the cut (for the love of money)
where you find a nigga thuggin' off in braids and skullies
and when i stick you and lick you
remember i get 'em up for the love of money (for the love of money)
love of money
yeah, bone in the motherfuckin' house for the nine-quads, nigga
for the love of money
yeah, rollin' with ruthless in this bitch
what people will do
my nigga layzie bone, bizzy bone
wish bone and flesh-n-bone (for the love of money)
and i'm that nigga krayzie bone (love of money)
in the motherfuckin' house

--- The LOX - Money, Power & Respect ---
see, i believe in money, power and respect
first you get the money, then you get the motherfuckin' power
after you get the fuckin' power, motherfuckers will respect you (what's the key to life?)
money, power and respect what you need in life
money, power and respect, you'll be eatin' right
money, power and respect, you can sleep at night
you'll see the light, what's the key to life?
money, power and respect what you need in life
money, power and respect, you'll be eatin' right
money, power and respect, money, power and respect
money, power and respect
ayo, my whole clique 'bout it, 'bout it
we take yours while you pout about it
truck, step out, the whores wanna crowd around it
you could see me on optimum tv
go in your bathroom turn the light out
scream, "bloody mary, 1, 2, 3"
sheek ain't your usual friend
but i could set you up like keyser and walk straight at the end
i'm done with ice and charms
i'm tryna ice my whole casket when i'm gone
pull up with class on the don, once i meet 'em i greet 'em
kiss his feet for freedom, tell em' thank you lord
'cause on earth i was gettin' bored
now resurrect me back to this cat called sheek
so i can make this album and get back the cats that's weak
two-thirty, six two
me budge for you? that's like a cat vers' a pitbull
gun, know clip full, keep hunger
and plan for the future, 'cause you figure you gon' be older
way longer than you gon' be younger (what's the key to life?)
money, power and respect what you need in life
money, power and respect, you'll be eatin' right
money, power and respect, you can sleep at night
you'll see the light, what's the key to life?
money, power and respect what you need in life
money, power and respect, you'll be eatin' right
money, power and respect, money, power and respect
money, power and respect, it's the key to life
only time could tell how the clock tick
i'm really loved here, but i'm still a hostage
two personalities, check the posture
smoke out the mouth, flare out the nostrils
think of death, then life seem scary
i'm passin' graveyards seein' people hail mary
i ain't chillin' 'til i'm out parachutin'
race my man in mountain climbin' for about ten diamonds
twenty five thousand a piece, fuck streets
tryin' to own the island, forget about wildin'
try ridin' in the car that be glidin'
if i showed you where i lived, you would think i was hidin'
sling dick to chicks that don't speak english
wake up in trinidad like, "fuck it, i'm rich"
come back, private jet, live on set
if you can shit gold, then i can spit baguettes (what's the key to life?)
money, power and respect what you need in life
money, power and respect, you'll be eatin' right
money, power and respect, you can sleep at night
you'll see the light, what's the key to life?
money, power and respect what you need in life
money, power and respect, you'll be eatin' right
money, power and respect, money, power and respect
money, power and respect
nothin' but the hotness whenever we drop this
monotonous for y'all to keep hatin' 'cause y'all never gon' stop us
i keep my rocks spotless and my hoes topless
take time, try to figure out who the lox is
fear no one, kick rhymes like shoguns
you scared to blow one, get robbed with your own gun
if i don't respect you i'ma check you
and if i don't kiss you i'ma peck you
right before i wet you i sneeze on tracks and bless you
i'm special and if you like workin' out then i'm gon' stretch you
hustlin' is dead, but we still get red
turn the spots into bakeries to get back bread
and y'all said my money's spent, but it's in the bent'
so when the feds come, the dogs can't get a scent
and my story, self-explanatory
that i'm the hottest thing on the street
and y'all ain't got nothin' for me (what's the key to life?), yeah
money, power and respect what you need in life
money, power and respect, you'll be eatin' right
money, power and respect, you can sleep at night
you'll see the light, what's the key to life?
money, power and respect what you need in life
money, power and respect, you'll be eatin' right
money, power and respect, money, power and respect
money, power and respect
this is a beat that i can freak to, just drop the reels
bless a nigga with the ill, y'all niggas know my skills
x in their grills, hit 'em up, split 'em up
wet 'em up and watch 'em come get 'em up
set em' up, when you do dirt, you get dirt
bitch, i'll make your shit hurt, step back like, "i did work"
this ain't no fuckin' game, what, you think i'm playin'?
'til you layin' somewhere in the junkyard decayin'
moms at home prayin' that you comin' home, but you not
'cause you sittin' up in the trunk, startin' to rot
and hell is hot, i know because i'm here now, baby
it's goin' down, baby, get the four pound, baby
and let off up in a nigga
especially if he think he bigger than my motherfuckin' trigger
dead eye, can i get mine? is he gone?
dmx representin' one time, put us on (what's the key to life?)
money, power and respect what you need in life
money, power and respect, you'll be eatin' right
money, power and respect, you can sleep at night
you'll see the light, what's the key to life?
money, power and respect what you need in life
money, power and respect, you'll be eatin' right
money, power and respect, money, power and respect
money, power and respect

--- Busta Rhymes - Put Your Hands Where My Eyes Could See ---
(ahh, yeah)
(flipmode)
(here we come)
('bout to fuckin' explode)
flipmode
busta bus (uh, what?)
nine-seven (come on, what?)
hot shit (ha-hah)
check it out
hit you with no delayin', so what you sayin', yo? (uhh)
silly with my nine milli, what the deally, yo? (what?)
when i be on the mic, yes, i do my duty, yo (ha)
wild up in the club like we wild in the studio (uh)
you don't wanna violate, nigga, really and truly, yo (uh)
my main thug nigga named julio, he moody, yo (what?)
type of nigga that'll slap you with the toolio (bahh)
bitch nigga scared to death, act fruity, yo (uh)
fuck that, look at shorty, she a little cutie, yo (yes)
the way she shake it make me wanna get all in the booty, yo (woo!)
tap mistresses, then bangin' bitches in videos (huh?)
wildin' with my freak like we up in the freak shows (damn)
hit you with the shit, make you feel it all in your toes (yeah)
hot shit, got all you niggas in wet clothes (then get cold)
stylin' my metaphors when i formulate my flows (uh)
if you don't know, you fuckin' with lyrical player pros, like that
do you really wanna party with me?
let me see (uh) just what you got for me (come on)
put all your hands where my eyes can see (put 'em up, yo)
straight buckwildin' in the place to be (wildin', nice, ha)
if you really wanna party with me (flipmode)
let me see just what you got for me (come on)
put all your hands where my eyes can see (put 'em up)
straight buckwildin' in the place to be (yeah, here we go, yo)
if you really wanna party with me — in god we trust (what?)
yo, it's a must that you heard of us, yo, we murderous (uh)
a lot of niggas is wondering and they curious (what?)
how me and my niggas do it, it's so mysterious (magical)
furious, all of my niggas is serious (uh!)
shook niggas be walkin' around, fearin' us (what?)
front, nigga, like you don't wanna be hearin' us (nope)
gotta listen to how radio be playin' us (ahh)
thirty times a day, shit'll make you delirious (what?)
damagin' everything all up in your areas (yeah)
yo, it's funny how all the chickens be always servin' us (uh)
all up in between they ass where they wanna carry us (what?)
hit you good, then i hit 'em off with the alias (what?)
various chickens, they wanna marry us (ahh)
yo, it's flipmode, my nigga, you know we 'bout to bust (uh!)
seven-figure money, the label preparin' us (go, wee)
bite the dust instead of you makin' a fuss (fuss)
niggas know better, 'cause there ain't no comparin' us (nope)
mad at us, niggas is never, we fabulous (yuh)
hit my people off with the flow that be marvelous (haa)
oh, shit, my whole clique victorious (yuh)
takin' no prisoners, niggas is straight up warriors (what?)
while you feelin' that, i know you be feelin' so glorious (huh)
then i blaze and reminisce on my nigga notorious (what?)
do you really wanna party with me?
(like that, like that-tha-that-that, come on)
let me see just what you got for me
(that-that, word, that-tha-that-that, that-that)
put all your hands where my eyes can see
straight buckwildin' in the place to be (you want 'em)
if you really wanna party with me (party)
let me see just what you got for me (party)
put all your hands where my eyes can see (come on, flipmode)
straight buckwildin' in the place to be (nine-seven, '98)
if you really wanna party with me (works it out, )

--- Nas - The World Is Yours ---
(it's yours)
whose world is this?
the world is yours, the world is yours
it's mine, it's mine, it's mine—whose world is this?
(it's yours)
it's mine, it's mine, it's mine—whose world is this?
the world is yours, the world is yours
it's mine, it's mine, it's mine—whose world is this?
i sip the dom p, watchin' 
gandhi
 'til i'm charged, then
writin' in my book of rhymes, all the words past the margin
to hold the mic i’m throbbin', mechanical movement
understandable smooth shit that murderers move with
the thief's theme, play me at night, they won't act right
the fiend of hip-hop has got me stuck like a crack pipe
the mind activation, react like i'm facin'
time like pappy mason, with pens i'm embracin'
wipe the sweat off my dome, spit the phlegm on the streets
suede timbs on my feets makes my cipher complete
whether cruisin' in a sikh's cab or montero jeep
i can't call it, the beats make me fallin' asleep
i keep fallin', but never fallin' six feet deep
i'm out for presidents to represent me (say what?)
i'm out for presidents to represent me (say what?)
i'm out for dead presidents to represent me
whose world is this?
the world is yours, the world is yours
it's mine, it's mine, it's mine—whose world is this?
the world is yours, the world is yours
it's mine, it's mine, it's mine—whose world is this?
(it's yours)
it's mine, it's mine, it's mine—whose world is this?
the world is yours, the world is yours
it's mine, it's mine, it's mine—whose world is this?
to my man ill will, god bless your life (it's yours)
to my peoples throughout queens, god bless your life
i trip, we box up crazy bitches, aimin' guns in all my baby pictures
beef with housing police, release scriptures that's maybe hitler's
yet i'm the mild, money-gettin' style, rollin' foul
the versatile, honey-stickin', wild, golden child
dwellin' in the rotten apple, you get tackled
or caught by the devil's lasso, shit is a hassle
there's no days for broke days when sellin' smoke pays
while all the old folks pray to jesús, soakin' they sins in trays
of holy water, odds against nas is slaughter
thinkin' a word best describin' my life to name my daughter
my strength, my son, the star will be my resurrection
born in correction, all the wrong shit i did, he'll lead in right direction
how you livin'? large or broke on charge cards and mediocre?
you flippin' coke or playin' spit, spades, and strip poker?
(it's yours)
it's mine, it's mine, it's mine—whose world is this?
the world is yours, the world is yours
it's mine, it's mine, it's mine—whose world is this?
(it's yours)
it's mine, it's mine, it's mine—whose world is this?
yo, the world is yours, the world is yours
it's mine, it's mine, it's mine—whose world is this?
(it's yours)
break it down
it's yours, it's yours
it's yours, it's yours
i'm the young city bandit, hold myself down single-handed
for murder raps, i kick my thoughts alone, get remanded
born alone, die alone, no crew to keep my crown or throne
i'm deep by sound alone, caved inside, 1,000 miles from home
i need a new nigga for this black cloud to follow
‘cause while it's over me it's too dark to see tomorrow
tryin' to maintain, i flip, fill the clip to the tip
picturin' my peeps not eatin' can make my heartbeat skip
and i'm amped up, they locked the champ up, even my brain's in handcuffs
headed for indiana, stabbin' women like the phantom
the crew is lampin' big willie style
check the chip-toothed smile, plus i profile wild
stash loot in fly clothes, burnin' dollars to light my stoge
walk the blocks with a bop, checkin' dames, plus the games people play
bust the problems of the world today
(it's yours)
it's mine, it's mine, it's mine—whose world is this?
the world is yours, the world is yours
it's mine, it's mine, it's mine—whose world is this?
(it's yours)
it's mine, it's mine, it's mine—whose world is this? (yeah)
the world is yours, the world is yours
it's mine, it's mine, it's mine—whose world is this?
(it's yours)
(break it down) yeah, aight
to everybody in queens, the foundation (it's yours)
the world is yours
to everybody uptown, yo, the world is yours (it's yours)
the world is yours
to everybody in brooklyn
y'all know the world is yours (it's yours)
the world is yours
everybody in mount vernon, the world is yours (it's yours)
long island, yo, the world is yours (it's yours)
staten island, yeah, the world is yours (it's yours)
south bronx, the world is yours (it's yours)
aight

--- Gang Starr - Work ---
"are you working? what kind of work do you do?"
- uh -
"boy - boy - boy -
what is it you wanna do when you grow up?"
ayo, i'm gonna be on ti-dop, that's all my eyes can see
victory is mine, yeah, surprisingly
i've been layin', waitin' for your next mistake
i put in work, and watch my status escalate
now, i'ma start collectin' props, connectin' plots
networkin' like a conference, ‘cause the nonsense is yet to stop
jakes shake me down, haters wanna take me down
break me down, clap! — all they heard was a sound
yo, i scoped it out, i took your weak dream and choked it out
your bitch don't really got no ass, she just poked it out
on the d-low, i'm sayin' you versus me though?
we can do this shit right here, in front of your people
see, time is money, kid, and bs walks
and to me it's funny, kid, when you meatheads talk
i see feds stalk, they wanna dig up the dirt, son
is it me they hawk? ‘cause i be puttin' in work, son
i'm gonna be on ti-dop, that's all my eyes can see
victory is mine, yeah, surprisingly
i've been layin', waitin' for your next mistake
i put in work, and watch my status escalate
you cornballs get stonewalled, blackballed, i own y'all
the veteran, runnin' my plan, i'm the better man
crazy raw, doin' my job like the mob
blazin' y'all, and disappearin' in the fog
or a mist, and chicks can't resist what i kick
they be beggin' for attention, or some more of the dillznick
word up, baby, someone may have to get hurt up, baby
shit is mad shady, but i got to get the gravy
platinum respect like the force of a tec
keep you hittin' the deck, feelin' heat in your chest
bangin' your thoughts with the hot onslaught
a kid got shot on the spot for goin' where he should not
viciously, i make history instantly
those other lame-ass loser-ass niggas, they can't fuck with me
i'm doin' my thing now to lamp later on
paid in the shade with some fly gators on
but now i'm grimy as they get, mud on my pants and shirt
i bet you niggas out here know, i be puttin' in work
i'm gonna be on ti-dop, that's all my eyes can see
victory is mine, yeah, surprisingly
i've been layin', waitin' for your next mistake
i put in work, and watch my status escalate
"
fu-fu-fully qualified pro
in this business of rap"
"
fu-fu-fu-fully — qua-qua-qua-qua — qualified pro
in this business of rap"
"fully-fu-fully qualified pro
in this business of rap"
"are you working? what kind of work do you do?"
"boy, what is it you wanna do when you grow up?"

--- Ice Cube - It Was a Good Day ---
break 'em
shit
ah
yeah
yeah
yeah
uh
just wakin' up in the mornin', gotta thank god
i don't know, but today seems kinda odd
no barkin' from the dog, no smog
and mama cooked the breakfast with no hog (damn)
i got my grub on, but didn't pig out
finally got a call from a girl i wanna dig out (what's up?)
hooked it up for later as i hit the door
thinkin', "will i live another twenty-four?"
i gotta go 'cause i got me a drop-top
and if i hit the switch, i can make the ass drop
had to stop at a red light
lookin' in my mirror, not a jacker in sight
and everything is alright
i got a beep from kim, and she can fuck all night
called up the homies and i'm askin' y'all
"which park are y'all playin' basketball?"
get me on the court and i'm trouble
last week, fucked around and got a triple-double
freakin' niggas every way like mj
i can't believe today was a good day (shit)
drove to the pad and hit the showers
didn't even get no static from the cowards
'cause just yesterday them fools tried to blast me
saw the police and they rolled right past me
no flexin', didn't even look in a nigga's direction
as i ran the intersection
went to short dog's house, they was watchin' 
yo! mtv raps
what's the haps on the craps?
shake 'em up, shake 'em up, shake 'em up, shake 'em
roll 'em in a circle of niggas
and watch me break 'em with the seven, seven-eleven, seven-eleven
seven, even back door little joe
i picked up the cash flow
then we played bones, and i'm yellin', "domino"
plus nobody i know got killed in south central l.a.​ 
today was a good day (shit)
left my nigga's house paid (word)
picked up a girl been tryna fuck since the 12th grade
it's ironic, i had the brew, she had the chronic
the lakers beat the supersonics
i felt on the big fat fanny
pulled out the jammy and killed the punani
and my dick runs deep, so deep
so deep, put her ass to sleep
woke her up around one
she didn't hesitate to call ice cube the top gun (yeah)
drove her to the pad and i'm coastin'
took another sip of the potion, hit the three-wheel motion
i was glad everything had worked out (uh)
dropped her ass off and then chirped out
today was like one of those fly dreams
didn't even see a berry flashin' those high beams
no helicopter lookin' for a murder
two in the mornin', got the fatburger
even saw the lights of the goodyear blimp
and it read, "ice cube's a pimp" (yeah)
drunk as hell, but no throwin' up
halfway home and my pager still blowin' up
today i didn't even have to use my ak
i gotta say, it was a good day (shit)
ayy, wait, wait a minute, pooh, stop this shit
what the fuck am i thinkin' about?

--- Big Pun - Still Not a Player ---
oh
ooh, yeah
don't wanna be a player (ts)
i don't wanna be a player no more
i'm not a player, i just fuck a lot
but big punisher still got what you're lookin' for
for my thug niggas, for my thug niggas (don't wanna be, don't wanna be)
i don't wanna be a player no more
i'm not a player, i just fuck a lot
but you know big pun and joe still down by law
who's down to fuck tonight?
ayo, i'm still not a player, but you still a hater
elevator to the top, hah, see you later
i'm gone, penthouse suite, penthouse freaks
in-house beach, french comtesse, 10 thou' piece
rent-out lease with an option to buy
coppin' a 5 or benz for when i'm not far up in the sky
puffin' the lye from my twinzito
up in the benzito with my kiko from queens nicknamed perico
we go back like pas and wearin' pjs
now we reached the peakage, runnin' trains for three days
who wanna ride? it won't cost you a dollar
whether soft or harder, of course you still gonna holla
mama, i'm thick, huh? i'll rip my prick through your hooters
i'm sick, you couldn't measure my dick with six rulers
hold up, chula, i'm all about gettin' loot
but i'll knock that boot if you out to get koofed
i don't wanna be a player no more
i'm not a player, i just fuck a lot
but big punisher still got what you're lookin' for
uptown, baby, uptown
i don't wanna be a player no more
i'm not a player, i just fuck a lot
but you know big pun and joe still down by law
who's down to fuck tonight?
i love 'em butter pecan to blackberry molass'
i don't discriminate, i regulate every shade of the ass
long as you show class and pass my test
fat ass and breasts, highly intelligent bachelorettes
that's the best, i won't settle for less
i want a ghetto brunette with unforgettable sex
now lay your head on my chest and feel my heartbeat
we can park the jeep, pump mobb deep and just spark the leaf
it's hard to creep since i found joe
every pretty, round, brown ho wanna go down low
but this boogie down professional, i'ma let you know
once i put the blows, get your clothes, 'cause you got to go
i could go downstairs, little brown hairs everywhere
you nasty, twin
, i don't care
'round here they call me big pun, if you with the big guns
thick tongue, known to make the chicks cum
up in the hot tub poppin' bubbly
rubbin' your spot, love, got you screamin', "punish me!"
but it don't stop, watch the pun get wicked
when i stick it even luke be like, "don't stop, get it, get it"
up in the hot tub poppin' bubbly
rubbin' your spot, love, got you screamin', "punish me!"
but it don't stop, watch the pun get wicked
when i stick it even luke be like, "don't stop, get it, get it"
i don't wanna be a player no more
but big punisher still got what you're lookin' for
i don't wanna be a player no more
but you know big pun and joe still down by law
who's down to fuck tonight?
boricua, morena
boricua, morena
boricua, morena
boricua, morena
boricua, morena
boricua, morena
no more rollin' with an entourage
unless it's pun and the terror squad
beatin' niggas down somethin' silly
joe and big punisher
boricua, morena
boricua, morena
boricua, morena
boricua, morena
boricua, morena
boricua, morena
boricua, morena
boricua, morena
boricua, morena
boricua, morena
boricua, morena
boricua, morena

--- AZ ft. Nas - Mo’ Money, Mo’ Murder (Homicide) ---
we'd be bigger than the jews, bigger than the irish
you can run the whole fucking country
you could be the next john d. rockerfeller
nobody noticed us, nobody gave a shit
but the bigger we get
the more we're taking from other people
yo, in a mahogany, black scenery
that was lightning and rain drops
i'm tied up in a basement cocaine spot like bangkok
i'm blindfold, vietnam type mind control, this torture
his accent sounds like the rarest culture
asking me, my atrophy stabbing me gradually
says his attribute was satanic, masonic, ironic
i felt reminded of my fast life ventures and winters
blind until the flashlight enters
yo, dunn, before the sunset
call connect, get all the tecs
i'm vexed, this nigga sold for sex
lost respect, let's off his neck
my caliber got me thinking on a higher algebra
see, me, i'm just as foul as ya, but you ain't got no style in ya
i'm into bigger cheddar, g's and better
armarettos, armani sweaters
plus, these crabs could never dead us
mo' money, mo' murder, mo' homicide
you catch that body, nigga? better have that alibi
you never know, it might just be your time, you take your ride
to them pearly white gates, watch that suicide
mo' money, mo' murder, mo' homicide
you catch that body, nigga? better have that alibi
you never know, it might just be your time, you take your ride
to them pearly white gates, watch that suicide
now, government official got you sippin' cristal in crystal
you fish, you foul, so you fell and took your fam with you
i'm out to get you, guaranteed every shell will hit you
plus, i'm on some shit too, laying down whosoever with you
mafiosa, the new york city '90s era sosa, az
you know my culture, now my wolves is out to ghost ya
scent of a rose on a graveyard for real now
the stakes is up a half a mill now
i tried to grab him with his shield down
four walked in, they crazy paid up, sharp but straight up
gators from barbados, never seen nobody play those
lay-low's what they called him, his head baldin'
sippin' cappuccino, spilled on his silk suits, was scaldin'
laugh was vulgar, canvas paintings of the ayatollah
and on his arm, he wore a priceless vulture
tobacco pipe smoker, "escobar, your life is over"
justify the righteous nova, bullets flew out his right shoulder
corpse leaving a foul odor
the firm vol. 1 adjourned, bring it to a closure
mo' money, mo' murder, mo' homicide
you catch that body, nigga? better have that alibi
you never know, it might just be your time, you take your ride
to them pearly white gates, watch that suicide
mo' money, mo' murder, mo' homicide
you catch that body, nigga? better have that alibi
you never know, it might just be your time, you take your ride
to them pearly white gates, watch that suicide
so now ya rollin' with us like co-defendants, no phony business
so know the difference from supreme soloists
its styles ancient as moses' scriptures
it's latin kings, black kufis, and white justice amongst us
crime invades the minds of youngsters
where it's pitch black, they can't see you
godfather iii — four left for dead in a cathedral
now you're forced to listen
i got the mind of a grad from princeton
play your position, or soon you'll be lost and missin'
it's far from fiction, my presence is like that of a christian
with ammunition, puttin' states under submission
street addiction got me tied in thorough with boroughs
still in the ghetto, but in the cut where it's mellow
incognito, on the lee-low, like carlito
‘cause we know niggas don't really want us to see dough
you never know, it might just be your time you take your ride
to them pearly white gates, watch that suicide
mo' money, mo' murder, mo' homicide
you catch that body, nigga? better have that alibi
you never know, it might just be your time, you take your ride
to them pearly white gates, watch that suicide
mo' money, mo' murder, mo' homicide
you catch that body, nigga? better have that alibi
you never know, it might just be your time, you take your ride
to them pearly white gates, watch that suicide
mo' money, mo' murder, mo' homicide
you catch that body, nigga? better have that alibi
you never know, it might just be your time, you take your ride
to them pearly white gates, watch that suicide
mo' money, mo' murder, mo' homicide
you catch that body, nigga? better have that alibi
you never know, it might just be your time, you take your ride
to them pearly white gates, watch that suicide
homicide, mo' homicide
mo' suicide, mo' homicide
born alone, die alone
born alone, die alone
born alone, die alone
born alone, die alone
all alone in this wilderness
who could figure life as ill as this?
my vision's blurred from guerillas mist
gun sprays, strays left a portion of my crew in graves
niggas that would screw in ways unknown to these dudes today
intelligence kept us all away from state evidence
‘cause it's evident — this world is controlled on dead presidents
never hesitant, i'm soulless, filled with coldness
born to uphold this 'til i'm left dead from oldness
born alone, die alone
born alone, die alone
born alone, die alone
born alone, die alone
born alone, die alone
born alone, die alone

--- 50 Cent - I Get Money ---
i get money
i— i get money
i— i get— i get—
 (fifty!)
i get— i get—
i— i get money; money, i got
 (i, i get it)
i— i get money; money, i got
 (i, i get it)
i— i get money; money, i got
 (yeah)
money— money, i got; money— money, i got
 (i run new york!)
i— i get money; money, i got
 (i, i get it)
i— i get money; money, i got
 (i, i get it)
i— i get money; money, i got
 (yeah, yeah)
money— money, i got; money— money, i got
 (i run new york!)
i took quarter waters, sold it in bottles for two bucks
then, coca-cola came and bought it for billions—what the fuck?
have a baby by me, baby—be a millionaire
i write the check before the baby comes—who the fuck cares? (ow!)
i'm stanky-rich, i'ma die tryna spend this shit
southside's up in this bitch
yeah, i smell like the vault, i used to sell dope
i did play the block, now i play on boats (yeah)
in the south of france, baby, saint-tropez
get a tan, i'm already black; rich, i'm already that
gangsta, get a gat, hit a head in a hat
call that a riddle, rat, shit, fuck the chitter-chat (ooh, ooh!)
i'm the baker, i bake the bread; a barber, i cut your head
a marksman, i spray the lead, i bloodclaat-chop your leg
do not fuck with the kid
i get biz with the sig, i come where you live—you dig? (oh!)
i— i get money; money, i got
 (i, i get it)
i— i get money; money, i got
 (i, i get it)
i— i get money; money, i got
 (yeah)
money— money, i got; money— money, i got
 (i run new york!)
i— i get money; money, i got
 (i, i get it)
i— i get money; money, i got
 (i, i get it)
i— i get money; money, i got
 (yeah, yeah)
money— money, i got; money— money, i got
 (i run new york!)
you can call this my new shit, but it ain't new, though
i got rid of my old bitch; now, i got new hoes (woo!)
first, it was the benzo; now, i'm in the enzo
ferrari—i'm sorry, i keep blowing up (oh!)
they call me the cake man, the strawberry-shake man
i spray the ar, make your whole clique breakdance (yeah)
backspin, head-spin, flatline, you're dead, then
nine shells, mac-10—who wan' get it cracking?
i was young, i couldn't do good; now, i can't do bad
i ride, wreck the new jag? i just buy the new jag
now, nigga, why you mad?
oh, you can't do that? i'm so forgetful
they calling me cocky
i come up out the jeweler, they calling me rocky
it's the ice on my neck, man, the wrist and my left hand
bling like "blaow!, you like my style
ha, ha! i'm heading to the bank right now
i— i get money; money, i got
 (i, i get it)
i— i get money; money, i got
 (i, i get it)
i— i get money; money, i got
 (yeah)
money— money, i got; money— money, i got
 (i run new york!)
i— i get money; money, i got
 (i, i get it)
i— i get money; money, i got
 (i, i get it)
i— i get money; money, i got
 (yeah, yeah)
money— money, i got; money— money, i got
 (i run new york!)
yeah, i talk the talk, and i walk the walk
like a teflon don, boy, i run new york
when i come out ofcourt, yeah, i pop the cork
i keep it gangsta, i have you outlined in chalk (i, i get it)
in the hood if you ask about me
they'll tell ya i'm about my bread (i, i get it)
round the world if ya ask about me
they'll tell you they love the kid (i, i get it)
ho, hey (i, i get it)
ho, hey (i, i get it)
ho, hey (yeah)
ho, hey (i run new york)
ho, hey (i, i get it)
ho, hey (i, i get it)
ho, hey (yeah, yeah)
ho, hey (i run new york)
i— i get money; money, i got
 (i'm back on the streets, man)
i— i get money; money, i got
 (i'm bringing the heat, man)
i— i get money; money, i got
 (i'm on my grind)
money— money, i got; money— money, i got
 (like all the time)
i— i get money; money, i got
 (tryna stop my shine?)
i— i get money; money, i got
 (i'll cock my nine)
i— i get money; money, i got
 (don't get out of line)
money— money, i got; money— money, i got
 (i said, "don't get out of line")
i, i get it
i, i get it
yeah, yeah

--- T.I. - What You Know ---
yeah, ayy, ayy, ayy, ayy
what you know about that?
what you know about that?
what you know about that?
ayy, don't you know i got ki's by the three
when i chirp, shawty chirp back
louie knapsack where i'm holding all the work at
what you know about that? what you know about that?
what you know about that? hey, i know all about that
loaded .44 on the low, where the cheese at?
fresh off the jet to the 'jects where the g's at
what you know about that? what you know about that?
what you know about that? hey, i know all about that
see me in your city, sitting pretty, know i'm shining dog (ayy, ayy)
riding with a couple latin broads and a china doll (ayy!)
and you know how we ball (ayy!), riding in shiny cars (ayy!)
walk in designer malls (ayy!), buy everything we saw
you know about me, dog (okay), don't talk about me, dog (okay)
and if you doubt me, dog (okay), you better out me, dog (ohh!)
i'm throwed off slightly, bruh, don't wanna fight me, bruh (ohh!)
i'm fast as lightning, bruh (ohh!)
you better use your nikes, bruh (geah!)
know you don't like me 'cause (g-g-geah!)
your bitch most likely does (g-g-geah!)
she see me on them dubs (g-g-geah!)
in front of every club (what?)
i be on dro, i'm buzzed (nigga, what?)
gave every ho a hug (ayy, nigga, what?)
niggas don't show me mugs (ayy, nigga, what?)
'cause you don't know me, cuzz
ayy, don't you know i got kis by the three
when i chirp, shawty chirp back
louie knapsack where i'm holding all the work at
what you know about that? what you know about that?
what you know about that? hey, i know all about that
loaded .44 on the low, where the cheese at?
fresh off the jet to the 'jects where the g's at
what you know about that? what you know about that?
(ayy, what they know about this shit here, man?)
what you know about that? hey, i know all about that
candy on the six-four, leather guts, fishbowl (ayy, ayy)
fifty on a pinky ring just to make my fist glow (ayy!)
young bitches get low (ayy!) because i get dough (ayy!)
so what i'm rich, ho? (ayy!) i still will pull a kick-door
what you talking shit for and gotta run and get folks?
got you all yelling, i thought you'd pull out a gun and hit four
but you's a scary dude, believed by very few (okay!)
just keep it very cool (okay!) or we will bury you (ohh!)
see, all that attitude? (ohh!) unnecessary, dude (ohh!)
you never carry tools, not even square, he cube (what?)
you got these people fooled (nigga, what?)
who see me on the tube (ayy, nigga, what?)
whatever, try the crew (ayy, nigga what?)
they'll see you on the news
ayy, don't you know i got kis by the three (ayy, ayy)
when i chirp, shawty chirp back
louie knapsack where i'm holding all the work at (ayy, ask 'em)
what you know about that? (ayy, ask 'em)
what you know about that? (ayy, ask 'em)
what you know about that? (hey, hey, hey)
hey, i know all about that (hey, hey)
loaded .44 on the low, where the cheese at? (geah, geah)
fresh off the jet to the 'jects
where the g's at (ayy, ayy, westside, nigga!)
what you know about that? (ayy, ask 'em)
what you know about that? (ayy, ask 'em)
what you know about that? (i'm talkin' to you, homie!)
hey, i know all about that (ayy!)
fresh off the jet to the block
burnin' rubber with the top popped (ayy, ayy) partna bustin' shots, i tell 'em, "stop, it make the block hot" (ayy!)
your label got got (ayy!)
'cause you are not hot (ayy!)
i got the top spot (ayy!)
and it will not stop (ayy, ayy)
hey, video or not, doc, we'll bust it 'til the glock stop
drag ya out that bentley coupe and take it to the chop shop (ohh!)
partner, we not y'all (ohh!)
if it may pop off, i'll answer the question (ohh!) "will i get your block knocked off?" (geah!)
this what it is, bruh (g-g-geah!)
look, i will kill, bruh (g-g-geah!)
i'm in your hood (g-g-geah!) if you a gangsta, what you hid for?
somebody better get bruh
'fore he get sent for
say you wanna squash it (ayy, nigga, what?)
what you still talking shit for?
don't you know i got kis by the three
when i chirp, shawty chirp back
louie knapsack where i'm holding all the work at
what you know about that? what you know about that?
what you know about that? hey, i know all about that
loaded .44 on the low, where the cheese at?
fresh off the jet to the 'jects where the g's at
what you know about that? what you know about that?
what you know about that? hey, i know all about that

--- Lil Wayne - Money on My Mind ---
yeah
money on my mind, money on my mind (yeah)
money on my mind, money—money on my mind (yeah)
money on my mind, money on my mind (that's right)
money—money on my mind
so money is all i think of (that's right)
money on my mind, money on my mind (bitch)
money on my mind, m—m—m—money on my mind (you know)
m—m—m—money on my mind (bitch)
money—money on my mind (bitch)
money—money on my mind
so money is all i think of (ayy)
yeah
stepping out the motherfuckin' car, they in awe (yeah)
i'm looking like a star, bitch, when you see me, make a wish
holler at your motherfuckin' boy, jr (brr)
birdman my pa, bitch, ball bred, born rich (yeah)
dear mr. toilet, i'm the shit
got these other haters pissed 'cause my toilet paper thick
i know
but trip and that 40 make a chip out a potato-head wimp
then like ranch, i dip (gone)
and the hustle is all muscle, just strength
when it comes to that weight, i don't struggle, i just lift (one, two)
i got my hand on the game, yeah, i make a grip (yeah)
hundred grand in my fist, same on my wrist
get key money from a quarter, blame it on my wrist (haha)
i whip coke like hoes, nigga, i'm a pimp (yeah)
lil nigga 'bout to rape the market
if we talking 'bout money, baby, now we talkin'
yeah
fuck bitches, fuck bitches, fuck bitches (yeah)
get money, get money, get money (bitch), yeah
get money, fuck bitches
fuck bitches, get money
fuck bitches, get money
yeah
nigga get it in a slumber if you know how (uh)
in the heart of the summer, we need a snowplow
what you know 'bout that? baby, it's your time
coke transactions on the phone, we call it blowjobs (yeah)
too fast for the feds, too cocky for the cops
had to ditch my old bitch, gettin' sloppy with the pots (bitch)
hoppin' off the boat, meetin' papi at the docks (what up?)
he tell me i'm gainin' weight, i tell him i'm gettin' paid (yeah)
money over bitches, i'm yelling it to the grave
developed at a young age (what?), go after what pays (yeah)
these gabbana sunshades block the sun rays (bitch)
i drop a car note in the mall on the first date (damn)
i gotta get it even if it's in the worst way (yeah)
that cake, like it's, it's my birthday
new orleans my birthplace, you heard me?
where money's more important than a person, nigga
yeah
fuck bitches, fuck bitches, fuck bitches
get money, get money, get money (bitch), yeah
get money, fuck bitches
fuck bitches, get money
fuck bitches, get money
twisting up a blunt, thinking 'bout my next dollar (okay)
i'm digging in the game, tryna get some money out her (okay)
i'm so vain, it's a problem (yeah)
there ain't a stain on these pradas (uh-uh)
i'm just bein' modest (yeah)
got me a goddess, show her how to divide it (bitch)
she still down and she don't get none of the profit (yeah)
wheel 'round the city, let the tints hide me
that's a cold motherfucker, whoever inside it (yeah)
forever symbolizin' the grind, it don't walk to you
i make it run like horses do (uh)
giddy up, baby, if he got it, then hit him up, baby (yeah)
i know it's crazy, but i can't get enough, baby (yeah)
i love it, i fuckin' love it
i'm a self-made millionaire, fuck the public (hah)
ridin' to myself, 'cause i don't fuck with nothin'
pistol on my lap on the way to the money
yeah
fuck bitches, fuck bitches, fuck bitches
get money, get money, get money, yeah
get money, fuck bitches
fuck bitches, get money
fuck bitches, get money

--- Rick Ross - Hustlin’ ---
every day, i'm hustlin', hustlin', hustl—
hustlin', hustlin', hustl—
hustlin', hustlin', hustl—
hustlin', hustlin'
every day, i'm hustlin', every day, i'm hustlin'
every day, i'm hustlin', every day, i'm hustlin'
every day, i'm hustlin', every day, i'm hustlin'
every day, i'm— every day, i'm— every day, i'm hustlin'
every day, i'm hustlin', every day, i'm hustlin'
every day, i'm hustlin', every day, i'm hustlin'
every day, i'm hustlin', every day, i'm hustlin'
every day, i'm— every day, i'm— every day, i'm hustlin'
who the fuck you think you fuckin' with? i'm the fuckin' boss
seven-forty-five, white-on-white, that's fuckin' ross
i cut 'em wide, i cut 'em long, i cut 'em fat (what?)
i keep 'em comin' back (what?), we keep 'em comin' back
i'm into distribution, i'm like atlantic
i got them motherfuckers flyin' 'cross the atlantic (woo!)
i know pablo (pablo), noriega (noriega)
the real noriega—he owe me a hundred favors (church)
i ain't petty, nigga, we buy the whole thang
see, most of my niggas really still deal cocaine
my roof back (roof back), my money right (my money right)
i'm on the pedal, show you what i'm runnin' like
when they snatched black, i cried for a hundred nights
he got a hundred bodies, servin' a hundred lifes
every day, i'm hustlin', e—every day, i'm hustli—
every day, i'm hustlin', e—every day, i'm hustlin'
every day, i'm hustlin', every day, i'm hustlin'
every day, i'm hustlin', every day, i'm— every day, i'm
we never steal cars, but we deal hard
whip it real hard— whip it— whip it real hard
i caught a charge (you caught a charge?), i caught a charge (yeah?)
whip it real hard— whip it— whip it real hard
ain't 'bout no funny shit, still bitches and business
i'm on my money shit, still whippin' them benzes (woo)
major league—who catchin'? because i'm pitchin' (i'm pitchin')
jose canseco just snitchin' because he's finished
i feed 'em steroids to strengthen up all my chickens (my chickens)
they flyin' over—pacific, to be specific
triple c's, you know it's fact, we holdin' sacks
so nigga, go on, rat (go on, rat), run and tell 'em that (tell 'em that)
more cars (more cars), more hoes (more hoes)
more clothes (more clothes), more blow
every day, i'm hustlin', e—every day, i'm hustli—
every day, i'm hustlin', e—every day, i'm hustlin'
every day, i'm hustlin', every day, i'm hustlin'
every day, i'm hustlin', every day, i'm— every day, i'm
it's time to spend my thrills (thrills), custom spinnin' wheels (wheels)
i ain't drove in a week—them bitches spinnin' still (still)
talk about me, 'cause these suckers scared to talk about me
killers chalkin' 'bout me (what? chalkin'), it ain't no talk about me (what? it ain't no talk about me)
it ain't no walkin' 'round me (it ain't no walkin' 'round me), see all these killers 'round me?
lot of drug-dealin' 'round me goin' down in dade county (woah)
don't tote no (twenty-twos), magnum cost me (twenty-two)
sat it on them (twenty-twos), birds go for (twenty-two)
lil' mama super thick (thick), she say she (twenty-two)
she seen 'em (twenty-twos), we in room (two-twenty-two)
i touch work, like i'm convertible burt (burt)
i got distribution, so i'm convertin' the work (work)
in the (m-i-yayo) them niggas rich off (yayo)
steady slangin' (yayo), my chevy bangin' (ayo)
every day, i'm hustlin', e—every day, i'm hustli—
every day, i'm hustlin', e—every day, i'm hustlin'
every day, i'm hustlin', every day, i'm hustlin'
every day, i'm hustlin', every day, i'm— every day, i'm

--- Young Jeezy - Soul Survivor ---
konvict, konvict (chea)
akon and young jeezy (ay)
tryna take it easy (ay, chea)
only way to go
you already know what it is, you already know what it is, nigga
and so (ay, let's get it!)
but if you lookin' for me, i'll be on the block
with my thing cocked, possibly sittin' on a drop now
because i'm a rider (yeah)
i'm just a soul survivor (yeah)
'cause everybody know the game don't stop
tryna make it to the top 'fore your ass get popped now
if you a rider (yeah)
or just a soul survivor (yeah)
tonight i can't sleep, we livin' in hell (chea)
first they give us the work, then they throw us in jail (ay)
road trip, yeah, i'm traffickin' the white
please lord, don't let me go to jail tonight (yeah)
who me? i'm a soul survivor
ask about him in the street, the boy jeez a rider (jeez a rider)
a hundred grand on my wrist, yeah, life sucks (haha)
fuck the club, dawg, i rather count a million bucks (ay)
if you lookin' for me, i'll be on the block
with my thing cocked, possibly sittin' on a drop now
because i'm a rider (yeah)
i'm just a soul survivor (yeah)
'cause everybody know the game don't stop
tryna make it to the top 'fore your ass get popped now
if you a rider (yeah)
or just a soul survivor (yeah)
another day, another dollar (dollar) same block, same nigga (chea)
same part, same green, i guess we got the same dreams (ay)
or is it the same nightmares? (nightmares)
we let the doves do it for us, we don't cry tears (that's right)
real niggas don't budge
when mel man got his time, he shot birds at the judge (yeah)
i'm knee-deep in the game
so when it's time to re-up, i'm knee deep in the caine (damn)
real talk, look, i'm tellin' you, mayne (tellin' you, mayne)
if you get jammed up, don't mention my name (nah)
forgive me, lord, i know i ain't livin' right
gotta feed the block, niggas starvin', they got appetites (ay)
and this is e'ryday, it never gets old
thought i was a juvenile, stuck to the g-code (chea)
this ain't a rap song, nigga, this is my life (this is my life)
and if the hood was a battlefield, then i'd earn stripes (yeah)
if you lookin' for me, i'll be on the block
with my thing cocked, possibly sittin' on a drop now
because i'm a rider (yeah)
i'm just a soul survivor (yeah)
'cause everybody know the game don't stop
tryna make it to the top 'fore your ass get popped now
if you a rider (yeah)
or just a soul survivor (yeah)
gotta watch ya every move 'cause them eyes be on you
gotta drive real cool when them pies be on you
just because we stack paper and we ball outrageous
them alphabet boys got us under surveillance (ay)
like animals, they lock us in cages
the same nigga that's a star when you put him on stages
i ain't cheat, played the hand i was dealt
tried to tax the grand pearl when i got it myself (let's get it)
no nuts, no glory (no glory)
my biography, you damn right, the true story
set the city on fire, and i didn't even try
run these streets all day, i can sleep when i die (ay)
cause if you lookin' for me
you can find me on the block disobeyin' the law
a real g, thoroughbred from the streets
pants saggin' with my gun in my drawers
just keep on movin' now
just to keep on movin' now
just to keep on movin' now
just to keep on movin' now, ay
but if you lookin' for me, i'll be on the block
with my thing cocked, possibly sittin' on a drop now
because i'm a rider (yeah)
i'm just a soul survivor (yeah)
'cause everybody know the game don't stop
tryna make it to the top 'fore your ass get popped now
if you a rider (yeah)
or just a soul survivor (yeah)
if you lookin' for me, i'll be on the block
with my thing cocked, possibly sittin' on a drop now
because i'm a rider (yeah)
i'm just a soul survivor (yeah)
'cause everybody know the game don't stop
tryna make it to the top 'fore your ass get popped now
if you a rider (yeah)
or just a soul survivor (yeah)

--- Jay-Z - Dirt Off Your Shoulder ---
you're now tuned into the muh'fuckin' greatest!
(ugh, ugh, uh-huh-uh-huh, ugh)
(jigga, uh-huh-uh, uh-uh)
turn the music up in the headphones (jigga)
(uh-huh-uh, jigga, uh-uh, uh-uh, ugh)
tim, you can go on and brush your shoulders off, nigga
i got you
(ugh, ch-ch, ugh, ugh, jigga)
ugh, yeah
if you feelin' like a pimp, nigga, go on—brush your shoulders off
ladies is pimps, too; go on—brush your shoulders off
niggas is crazy, baby; don't forget that boy told you
get that dirt off your shoulder
i probably owe it to y'all, prolly be locked by the force
tryna hustle some things that go with the porsche
feelin' no remorse, feelin' like my hand was forced
middle finger to the law, nigga, grippin' my balls
said, the ladies, they love me — from the bleachers, they screamin'
all the ballers is bouncin' — they like the way i be leanin'
all the rappers be hatin' off the track that i'm makin'
but all the hustlers — they love it just to see one of us make it
came from the bottom of the bottom to the "top of the pops"
nigga, london (woo), japan (woo), and i'm straight off the block
like a running back — get it, man? i'm straight off the block
i can run it back, nigga, 'cause i'm straight with the roc (come on)
if you feelin' like a pimp, nigga, go on — brush your shoulders off (woo)
ladies is pimps, too; go on — brush your shoulders off (woo)
niggas is crazy, baby; don't forget that boy told you
get that dirt off your shoulder
you gotta get (get) that (that) dirt off your shoulder
you gotta get (get) that (that) dirt off your shoulder
you gotta get (get) that (that) dirt off your shoulder
you gotta get (get) that (that) dirt off your shoulder
your homie hov' in position, in the kitchen with soda
i just whipped up a watch, tryna get me a rover (woo)
tryna stretch out the coca, like a wrestler, yessir
keep the heckler close — you know them smokers'll test you
but, like, fifty-two cards went out — i'm through dealin'
now, fifty-two bars come out — now, you feel 'em
now, fifty-two cars roll out; remove ceiling in case fifty-two broads come out
now, you chillin' with a boss, bitch, of course; "s.c." on the sleeve
at the 40/40 club, espn on the screen
i paid a grip for the jeans (woo), plus, the slippers is clean (woo)
no chrome on the wheels (woo), i'm a grown-up for real, chyeah!
if you feelin' like a pimp, nigga, go on — brush your shoulders off (woo)
ladies is pimps, too; go on — brush your shoulders off (woo)
niggas is crazy, baby; don't forget that boy told you
get that dirt off your shoulder
you gotta get (get) that (that) dirt off your shoulder
you gotta get (get) that (that) dirt off your shoulder (woo)
you gotta get (get) that (that) dirt off your shoulder
you gotta get (get) that (that) dirt off your shoulder
your boy back in the building; brooklyn, we back on the map
me and my beautiful bee-itch in the back of that 'bach
i'm the realest that run it, i just happen to rap
i ain't gotta clap at 'em — niggas scared of that black
i drop that 
black album
, then i back out it
as the best rapper alive — nigga, ask about me
from bricks to billboards, from grams to grammys
from o's to opposite orphan annie
you gotta pardon jay for sellin' out the garden in a day
i'm like a young marvin in his hey'
i'm a hustler, homie; you a customer, crony
got some dirt on my shoulder — could you brush it off for me?
if you feelin' like a pimp, nigga, go on — brush your shoulders off (woo)
ladies is pimps, too; go on — brush your shoulders off (woo)
niggas is crazy, baby; don't forget that boy told you
get that dirt off your shoulder
you gotta get (get) that (that) dirt off your shoulder
you gotta get (get) that (that) dirt off your shoulder (woo)
you gotta get (get) that (that) dirt off your shoulder
you gotta get (get) that (that) dirt off your shoulder
you're now tuned into the muh'fuckin' greatest!
best rapper alive
best rapper alive

--- Ludacris ft. Pharrell - Money Maker ---
shake your money maker like somebody's bout to pay ya
i see you on my radar, don't you act like you're afraid of shit
you know i got it, if you wanna come get it
stand next to this money like - ey ey ey
shake your money maker like somebody's bout to pay ya
don't worry about them haters, keep your nose up in the air
you know i got it, if you wanna come get it
stand next to this money like - ey ey ey
shake, shake, shake your money maker
like you were shaking it for some paper
it took your momma 9 months to make ya
might as well shake what your momma gave ya
you, you lookin' good in them jeans
i bet you'd look even better with me in between
i keep my mind on my money - money on my mind
but you's a hell of a distraction when you shake your behind
i got j.o. up on my right side pourin' some cups
my whole hood is to my left and they ain't givin a fuck
so feel free to get loose and get carried away
so by tomorrow you forgot what you were saying today
but don't forget about this feeling that i am making you get
and all the calories you burn from me making you sweat
the mile-high points you earn when we taking my jet
and how everywhere you turn i'll be making you wet cause you can
shake your money maker like somebody's bout to pay ya
i see you on my radar, don't you act like you're afraid of shit
you know i got it, if you wanna come get it
stand next to this money like - ey ey ey
shake your money maker like somebody's bout to pay ya
don't worry about them haters, keep your nose up in the air
you know i got it, if you wanna come get it
stand next to this money like - ey ey ey
switch, switch, switch it from right to left
and switch it till you running right out of breath
and take a break until you ready again
and you can invite over as many friends as
you want to but i really want you
just be thankful that pharrell gave you something to bump to hey
luda - i'm at the top of my game
you want my hands from your bottom to the top of your frame
and i - just wanna take a little ride on your curves
and get erotic giving your body just what it deserves and
let me give you some swimming lessons on the penis
backstroke, breaststroke, stroke of a genius
yepp call me the renaissance man get up and
i stay harder then a cinderblock man
hey i'm just a bedroom gangster
and i've been meaning to tell that i really must thank ya when you
shake your money maker like somebody's bout to pay ya
i see you on my radar, don't you act like you're afraid of shit
you know i got it, if you wanna come get it
stand next to this money like - ey ey ey
shake your money maker like somebody's bout to pay ya
don't worry about them haters, keep your nose up in the air
you know i got it, if you wanna come get it
stand next to this money like - ey ey ey
release therapy, rock, rock, rock, rock
release therapy, rock, rock, rock, rock
rock rock, rock it an make it work, girl
please don't stop it until it hurts, girl
you - you been looking a little tipsy
so if you could just shake it a little this way
see i'm a member of the bbc
the original breadwinner of dtp
you the center of attention that is distracting the squad
cause everybody in the campus like - oh my god she can
shake your money maker like somebody's bout to pay ya
i see you on my radar, don't you act like you're afraid of shit
you know i got it, if you wanna come get it
stand next to this money like - ey ey ey
shake your money maker like somebody's bout to pay ya
don't worry about them haters, keep your nose up in the air
you know i got it, if you wanna come get it
stand next to this money like - ey ey ey

--- Fat Joe ft. Lil Wayne - Make It Rain ---
ow! (ha ha, chyeah)
scotty (chyeah)
let's make it rain on these niggas (joey crack)
yeah, i'm in this bitch with the terror
got a hand full of stacks, better grab an umbrella
i make it rain, i make it rain (oh!), i'm in this bitch with the terror
got a handful of stacks, better grab an umbrella
i make it rain, i make it rain (oh!) make it rain on them hoes
i make it rain, i make it rain (oh!) i make it rain on them hoes
i make it rain, i make it rain (oh!) i make it rain on them hoes
i make it rain, i make it rain (oh!) i make it rain on them hoes, ow!
cr-cr-crack, crack, crack, crack, crack, you hear the echo
man i seen the best go, 'cause he ain't had that metal
i'm a hustler hustler, a pusher's pusher
you a buster, a customer, i get you some cook up
yeah crack is a chemist, i pack an eleven
i'm mackin' the seven, i'll clap at your reverend
i see you in n-y, i'll send you an invite
you gon' need you a pass, that's the code that we live by
yeah, i'm in this bitch with the terror
got a hand full of stacks, better grab an umbrella
i make it rain, i make it rain (oh!), i'm in this bitch with the terror
got a handful of stacks, better grab an umbrella
i make it rain, i make it rain (oh!) make it rain on them hoes
i make it rain, i make it rain (oh!) i make it rain on them hoes
i make it rain, i make it rain (oh!) i make it rain on them hoes
i make it rain, i make it rain (oh!) i make it rain on them hoes, ow!
clap, clap, clap
gotta make that ass clap, gotta make that ass clap
clap, clap, clap, clap (yeah)
gotta make that ass clap (yeah), gotta make that ass clap (yeah)
now why's everybody so mad at the south for?
change your style up, switch to southpaw
jada, i was listenin'
so i made 'em a anthem to make some dividends
lil' mama tryna hit me with that shoulder lean
this cut co crack and i control the team
couple bricks stacked on that triple beam
my dirty bro sippin' that promethazine
that ganja green, that cali weed
a nigga lose his life tryna roll on me
now, yup, yup, we get it, no if ands about it
and the rain keep fallin', even when it's droughted
yeah, i'm in this bitch with the terror
got a hand full of stacks, better grab an umbrella
i make it rain, i make it rain (oh!), i'm in this bitch with the terror
got a handful of stacks, better grab an umbrella
i make it rain, i make it rain (oh!) make it rain on them hoes
i make it rain, i make it rain (oh!) i make it rain on them hoes
i make it rain, i make it rain (oh!) i make it rain on them hoes
i make it rain, i make it rain (oh!) i make it rain on them hoes, ow!
mami's body's bangin', she got it, man she does it all
she gets it poppin' with no hands, i make it pour
i make it rain on 'em, i'm layin' game to 'em
i got some misses to tattoo my name on 'em
gotta get that baby love, gotta get my paper up
gotta stay strapped asap 'cause y'alls hate crack and wanna rain on us
and you know what it is, yeah, it's them powder kids
and we know how to bid, so we don't give a shit
yeah, i'm in this bitch with the terror
got a hand full of stacks, better grab an umbrella
i make it rain, i make it rain (oh!), i'm in this bitch with the terror
got a handful of stacks, better grab an umbrella
i make it rain, i make it rain (oh!) make it rain on them hoes
i make it rain, i make it rain (oh!) i make it rain on them hoes
i make it rain, i make it rain (oh!) i make it rain on them hoes
i make it rain, i make it rain (oh!) i make it rain on them hoes, ow!
calca
ts, bx niggas
khaled
scott storch, my nigga
yeah
tony sunshine, i see you nigga
uh-huh
brrat!

--- Jim Jones - We Fly High ---
"i wear a mean dark pair of shades
and you can't see my eyes
unless my head is bent, you dig?"
uh-huh
we fly high, no lie (you hear that?), you know this (let's ride… ballin'!)
foreign rides outside (yessir!), it's like showbiz (we in the building)
we stay fly (ballin'), no lie, and you know this (ballin'!)
hips and thighs, oh my, stay focused
ya boy gettin' paper (money), i buy big cars (foreign)
eight fly rides just to drive in my garage (choose one!)
stay sky high (twisted), fly with the stars (twinkle, twinkle)
g4 flights, 80 grand large (ballin'!)
so we lean with it, pop with it (bankhead)
'vertible jones, mean with the top missin' (flossin'!)
i'm sittin' clean with the bottom kitted (do it!)
i hopped out, saggy jeans and my rock glistened (ballin'!)
but i spent about 8 grand
mami on stage doin' the rain dance (i think she like me)
she let it hit the floor, made it pop (what else?)
got my pedal to the floor screamin', "fuck the cops!" (do it!)
we fly high, no lie, you know this (ballin'!)
foreign rides outside, it's like showbiz
we stay fly, no lie, and you know this (ballin'!)
hips and thighs, oh my, stay focused
slow down, here tonight, could be gone tomorrow (one chance)
so i speed through life like there's no tomorrow (speedin'!)
hundred g's worth of ice on the audemars (flossy!)
and we in the street life 'til they call the law (ballin'!)
i made the whip get naked (what happened?)
while i switch gears, bitch lookin' at the bracelet (got 'em)
step out, show me what you all about
flashbacks to last night of me ballin' out (harlem!)
1 am, we was at the club (what happened?)
2 am, ten bottles of bub (money ain't a thing)
and by 3-somethin' i was thinkin' 'bout grub
so i stumbled to the car due to drinks and the drugs (twisted)
we fly high, no lie, you know this (ballin'!)
foreign rides outside, it's like showbiz
we stay fly, no lie, and you know this (ballin'!)
hips and thighs, oh my, stay focused
(nigga, could you buy that?) i keep 20 in the pocket (light change)
you talkin' buck 80 if the bentley is the topic (that grey poupon)
but of course gotta fly the spur ()
to the hood and roll dice on side the curb (i got bank)
but i know a g a bet may sound absurd (get your money up!)
drive 80 up lenox 'cause i got a urge (speedin', speedin')
the rap game like the crack game
lifestyle rich, famous, livin' in the fast lane (ballin', ballin')
so when i bleep, shorty bleep back
lou' vuitton belt where i'm keepin' all the heat strapped (loaded)
i beat the trial over rucker (let's do it!)
all guns loaded and i'm back, motherfucker (dipset)
we fly high, no lie, you know this (ballin'!)
foreign rides outside, it's like showbiz
we fly high, no lie, you know this (ballin'!)
foreign rides outside, it's like showbiz (ballin')
we stay fly (stay fly), no lie (no lie), and you know this (ballin')
hips and thighs (eh), oh my (oh my), stay focused
chea, you niggas need to stay focused
when you dealin' with a motherfuckin' g
you know my name, jones
one eye, capo status, all the above, motherfucka
this dipset, byrdgang, we born to fly
y'all know the rules: fall back or fall back
someone tell my bitch summer i'm lookin' for her, ya dig?
another day another dollar, fast life fucka
dipset
we stay fly, no lie, and you know this
hips and thighs, oh my, stay focused

--- Chamillionaire - Ridin’ ---
they see me rollin', they hatin'
patrollin' and tryna catch me ridin' dirty
tryna catch me ridin' dirty, tryna catch me ridin' dirty
tryna catch me ridin' dirty, tryna catch me ridin' dirty
my music's so loud, i'm swangin'
they hopin' that they gon' catch me ridin' dirty
tryna catch me ridin' dirty, tryna catch me ridin' dirty
tryna catch me ridin' dirty, tryna catch me ridin' dirty
grindin' to see if they can see me lean
i'm tint, so it ain't easy to be seen
police see me ride by, they can see me gleam
and my shine on the deck and the tv screen
i'm ridin' with a new chick, she like, "hold up!"
next to the playstation controller
it's a full clip in my pistola
send a jacker into a coma (woo!)
girl, you ain't know, i'm crazy like krayzie bone
just tryna bone, ain't tryna have no babies
ride clean as hell so i pull in ladies
law's on patrol and you know they hate me
music turned all the way up into the maximum
i got speakers, some niggas tryna jack for some
but we packin' somethin' and what we have for 'em
we'll have a nigga locked up in the maximum
security cell, i'm grippin' oak (oak)
music loud and i'm tippin' slow (slow)
twin's steady twistin' like, "hit this though!"
police pull up right behind and it's in his throat
the windows down, got to stop pollution
cd change, niggas like, "who is that producin'?"
that's the play-n-skillz when we out and cruisin'
got warrants in every city except houston but i still ain't losin'
they see me rollin', they hatin'
patrollin' and tryna catch me ridin' dirty
tryna catch me ridin' dirty, tryna catch me ridin' dirty
tryna catch me ridin' dirty, tryna catch me ridin' dirty
my music's so loud, i'm swangin'
they hopin' that they gon' catch me ridin' dirty
tryna catch me ridin' dirty, tryna catch me ridin' dirty
tryna catch me ridin' dirty, tryna catch me ridin' dirty
i've been drinkin' and smokin', holy shit, 'cause i really can't focus
i gotta get it home 'fore the po-po's scope this
big old excurs' just swervin', all up in the curb and
nigga be sippin' on the hennessy and the gin again
it's in again, we in the wind
doin' a hundred while i puff on a blunt and roll another one up
we livin' like we ain't givin' a fuck
i got a blunt up in my right hand
40-ounce in my lap freezin' my balls
roll another tree, green leaves and all
comin' pretty deep, me and my dawgs
yo, i gotta hit the back streets
wonderin' 'bout the six pounds and i got heat
glock, glock shots to the block, we creep-creep
pop-pop, hope cops don't see me, on the lowkey
with no regard for the law
we dodge 'em like, "fuck 'em all"
but i won't get caught up and brought up on charges for none of y'all
keep a gun in car, and a blunt to spark
roll it up if you want, and get it poppin', dawg
ready or not, we bust shots off in the air
krayzie bone and chamillionaire
they see me rollin', they hatin'
patrollin' and tryna catch me ridin' dirty
tryna catch me ridin' dirty, tryna catch me ridin' dirty
tryna catch me ridin' dirty, tryna catch me ridin' dirty
my music's so loud, i'm swangin'
they hopin' that they gon' catch me ridin' dirty
tryna catch me ridin' dirty, tryna catch me ridin' dirty
tryna catch me ridin' dirty, tryna catch me ridin' dirty
now would you think it's so? i tried to let you go
turn on my blinker light and then i swang it slow
and they upset for sho', 'cause they think they know
that they catchin' me with plenty of the drank and dro
so they get behind me, tryna check my tags
look in my rearview and they smilin'
thinkin' they'll catch me in the wrong, they keep tryin'
keep steady denyin' that it's racial profilin'
houston, texas, you can check my tags (tags)
pull me over, try to check my slab (slab)
the glove compartment, gotta get my cash
'cause the crooked cops'll try to come up fast
and bein' the baller that i am, i talk to them
givin' a damn about them not feelin' my attitude
when they realize i ain't even ridin' dirty
bet you'll be leavin' with an even madder mood
i'ma laugh at you and then i'll have to cruise
jammin' number two on some old dj screw
you can't arrest me, plus you can't sue
this is a message to the law, tell 'em, "we hate you"
i can't be touched and tell 'em that they shoulda known
tippin' down, i'm sittin' crooked on my chrome
bookin' my phone, findin' a chick i wanna bone
like they couldn't stop me, i'm 'bout to pull up at your home
and it's on
they see me rollin', they hatin'
patrollin' and tryna catch me ridin' dirty
tryna catch me ridin' dirty, tryna catch me ridin' dirty
tryna catch me ridin' dirty, tryna catch me ridin' dirty
my music's so loud, i'm swangin'
they hopin' that they gon' catch me ridin' dirty
tryna catch me ridin' dirty, tryna catch me ridin' dirty
tryna catch me ridin' dirty, tryna catch me ridin' dirty
they see me rollin', they hatin'
patrollin' and tryna catch me ridin' dirty
tryna catch me ridin' dirty, tryna catch me ridin' dirty
tryna catch me ridin' dirty, tryna catch me ridin' dirty
my music's so loud, i'm swangin'
they hopin' that they gon' catch me ridin' dirty
tryna catch me ridin' dirty, tryna catch me ridin' dirty
tryna catch me ridin' dirty, tryna catch me ridin' dirty

--- Three 6 Mafia - Poppin’ My Collar ---
now ever since i can remember i been poppin' my collar
poppin'– poppin' my collar
poppin'– poppin' my collar
now ever since i can remember i been workin' these hoes
and they better put my money in my hand– in my hand
now ever since i can remember i been poppin' my collar
poppin'– poppin' my collar
poppin'– poppin' my collar
now ever since i can remember i been workin' these hoes
and they better put my money in my hand– in my hand
i know you sick of the sicker when you see the rims flicker
the paint dripper, ice in my rings glitter
i straight flip-uh the cheese like pancake-uh
falling from trees like the leaves in my hand break-uh
project pat-uh, attractin' dime piece-uhs
i'm dirty south-uh, french braid, gold teeth-uhs
i'm out here makin' sense 'cause i'm out here makin' dollars
i keep a bad broad, dog, and a popped collar
she just another ho that i met in the hood
i told her i was crunchy black and it was all good
she might as well gon' 'head and suck on my wood
and let me whisper something in her ear if i could
i got some hoes out there, bring your boy back some good
that ghetty green, you know what? i think that bitch just understood
ain't havin’ no shout out no motherfuckin’ slut
you know i’m actin’ bitch, don’t make me cut a fuckin’ rug
you better get out there and get my money in the woods
i'ma hit cha in ya head and leave ya ass with a plug
you know i gotta have it, gotta get my money, what?
these hoes out here be fuckin’ for a motherfuckin’ dub
freak bitch!
now ever since i can remember i been poppin' my collar
poppin'– poppin' my collar
poppin'– poppin' my collar
now ever since i can remember i been workin' these hoes
and they better put my money in my hand– in my hand
now ever since i can remember i been poppin' my collar
poppin'– poppin' my collar
poppin'– poppin' my collar
now ever since i can remember i been workin' these hoes
and they better put my money in my hand– in my hand
now, when it comes to gettin' bread i got the keys to the bakery
a lot of dudes swear they playin', man, they some fakery
let me catch your girl up out some work and in my sight
and believe i'm gon' be at you in the daylight with a flashlight
i'm tryna get paid however money is made
a lot of dudes like to pay ladies to get laid
but me? i ain't no pimp, i just love to borrow
paper from a fat bitch, a ugly bitch, a model, for real
well, you know me by the juice man, hangin' out with big triece
standin' on the porch, drinkin' liquor, drunk, smokin' weed
tryna get a paycheck, but welfare ain't came yet
that's why i stay in a girl ear to keep that pussy wet
so i can get paid and relax in the shade
and say, "fuck a nine-to-five," 'cause a nigga tired of slaving
it's never easy for a player in the hood on the come up
if i meet a gal with three kids or more, she get done up
now ever since i can remember i been poppin' my collar
poppin'– poppin' my collar
poppin'– poppin' my collar
now ever since i can remember i been workin' these hoes
and they better put my money in my hand– in my hand
now ever since i can remember i been poppin' my collar
poppin'– poppin' my collar
poppin'– poppin' my collar
now ever since i can remember i been workin' these hoes
and they better put my money in my hand– in my hand
yeah, yeah
yeah, yeah
yeah, yeah
yeah, yeah (poppin' my collar)
yeah, yeah
yeah, yeah (poppin'-poppin' my collar)
yeah, yeah
yeah, yeah (poppin' my collar)
yeah, yeah
yeah, yeah (poppin'-poppin' my collar)

--- Birdman ft. Lil Wayne - Stuntin’ Like My Daddy ---
pyong on the yamaha (chromed-out eleven-hundred)
what i'm doin'? (gettin' money) what we doin'? (gettin' money)
what they doin'? (hatin' on us) but they never cross
(cash money still the company and) bitch, i'm the boss
and i be stuntin' like my daddy, stuntin' like my daddy
stuntin' like my daddy, i be stuntin' like my daddy
i'm the young stunna, stuntin' like my daddy
stuntin' like my daddy, i be stuntin' like my daddy
yeah, bitch, i'm paid, that's all i gotta say
can't see you lil niggas, the money in the way, and i'm
i'm sitting high, a gangsta ride blades
and if you ain't gonna ride fly, then you might as well hate, shit
i gotta eat, yeah, even though i ate
no, it ain't my birthday, but i got my name on that cake, shit
believe that, and if your mans wan' play
then i'ma fuck around and put that boy's brains on the gate
ayy, pick 'em up! fuck 'em, let em lay
where i'm from, we see a fuckin' dead body every day
that's—uptown! throw a stack at 'em
make a song about me, i'm throwing shots back at 'em (bop-bop)
your bitch on my pipe, she like a crack addict
and she saw me cooking eggs, she thought i was back at it, yeah
i grab the keys, "ho, i gotta go"
got my motorcycle jacket and my motorcycle locs
pyong on the yamaha (chromed-out eleven-hundred)
what i'm doin'? (gettin' money) what we doin'? (gettin' money)
what they doin'? (hatin' on us) but they never cross
(cash money still the company and) bitch, i'm the boss
and i be stuntin' like my daddy, stuntin' like my daddy
stuntin' like my daddy, i be stuntin' like my daddy
i'm the young stunna, stuntin' like my daddy
stuntin' like my daddy, i be stuntin' like my daddy
shawty! (ugh) ninety-eights, forty-five paper plates
tint the whole thang, big money heavyweight
a hundred stacks, spend fifty on a caddy
twenty-five on the pinky
bought a pound of blow and bounced back (bounced back)
matching grills, big houses on the hills
got them hoes in the kitchen
all cooking, paying bills (paying bills)
on stunna island, dollar after dollar (yeah)
flipping chickens, getting tickets
want the money and the power (money and the power)
born stuntin', uptown hunter (yeah)
third ward g, nigga, been about money (been about money)
ice chunky, birdman, red monkeys
white ts on the chromed-out eleven-
hundreds
you know we shine every summer (shine)
we grind every summer
and this is how we spend money (how we spend money)
you see them bentleys and them lams?
them ounces and them grams? bitch, we was born hustlas
pyong on the yamaha (chromed-out eleven-hundred)
what i'm doin'? (gettin' money) what we doin'? (gettin' money)
what they doin'? (hatin' on us) but they never cross
(cash money still the company and) bitch, i'm the boss
and i be stuntin' like my daddy, stuntin' like my daddy
stuntin' like my daddy, i be stuntin' like my daddy
i'm the young stunna, stuntin' like my daddy
stuntin' like my daddy, i be stuntin' like my daddy
yeah! when i was sixteen, i bought my first mercedes-benz
i must've fucked a thousand bitches and they girlfriends
white leather, hot new pair of rims
brand-new pistol with a trigger like a hairpin
big work, we don't need a scale, man
big papers: say "good morning" to the mailman
what you know about putting bricks in the spare, man?
i can stuff a coupe like a motherfucking caravan
i'm in my zone, my form is so rare, man
if there's a throne, you looking at the chairman
how you want it? show me my opponent
 show me my opponent, yeah
i'm still ballin', a bullet gotta get me
and i never been a pussy 'cause my hood'll never let me, yeah!
a made nigga, got made niggas with me
i'm a motorcycle boy, so i'm about to park the bentley
pyong on the yamaha (chromed-out eleven-hundred)
what i'm doin'? (gettin' money) what we doin'? (gettin' money)
what they doin'? (hatin' on us) but they never cross
(cash money still the company and) bitch, i'm the boss
and i be stuntin' like my daddy, stuntin' like my daddy
stuntin' like my daddy, i be stuntin' like my daddy
i'm the young stunna, stuntin' like my daddy
stuntin' like my daddy, i be stuntin' like my daddy
pyong on the yamaha, chromed-out eleven-hundred
pyong on the yamaha, chromed-out eleven—
pyong-pyong on the yamaha, chromed-out eleven-hun—
cash money still the company, and bitch, i'm the boss
pyong on the yamaha, chromed-out eleven-hundred
pyong on the yamaha, chromed-out eleven-hundred
pyong-pyong on the yamaha, chromed-out eleven-hun—
cash money still the company, and bitch, i'm the boss

--- The Game - Dreams ---
"and i brought—"
"and i brought—"
"and i brought—dreams"
"—dreams"
"—dreams"
"and i brought you all my dreams 'cause i love you"
"i—love you"
"i—love you"
"i-i-i love you"
i woke up out that coma 2001
'bout the same time dre dropped 
2001
three years later the album is done
aftermath presents: 
nigga witta attitude, volume one
rap critics politickin', wanna know the outcome
ready to die
, 
reasonable doubt
, and 
doggystyle
 in one
i feel like 'pac after the snoop dogg trial was done
dre behind that g series and all eyez on me
i watched the death of a dynasty, so i told vibe magazine
workin' with dr. dre was a ("dream")
i had visions of makin' a classic, then my world turned black
like i was starin' out of stevie wonder's glasses
it's kinda hard to imagine, like kanye west
coming back from his fatal accident to beatmakin' and rappin'
but, we the future, whitney houston told me that
it's gon' take more than a bullet in the heart to hold me back
rushin' in this 40 ounce, lettin' the ink from my pen bleed
'cause martin luther king had a ("dream")
aaliyah had a ("dream"), left eye had a ("dream")
so i reached out to kanye and ("brought you all my dreams 'cause i love you")
("i—love you" "i—love you" "i-i-i love you")
i had dreams of fuckin' a r&b bitch like mýa
when i saw that ass on the front of that king
read the article in the magazine, she loved gangsters, loved nasty things
so i'm in the glass house having nasty dreams
good girls never give it up
but anything is possible, if 50 fucked vivica
hurdled life's obstacles, found my way through the maze
then joy turned to pain like frankie beverly and maze
used to dream of being unsigned hype
'til i was crushed by dave mays, almost let my pen fall asleep on the page
daydreamin' yesterday, dozin' off backstage
i thought i saw eazy talking to jam master jay
so i walked over, heard jam master say
"it's a hard knock life, then you pass away"
they say sleep is the cousin of death, so my eyes wide open
'cause a dream is kin to your last breath
rushin' in this 40 ounce, lettin' the ink from my pen bleed
'cause martin luther king had a ("dream")
aaliyah had a ("dream"), left eye had a ("dream")
so i reached out to kanye and ("brought you all my dreams 'cause i love you")
("i—love you" "i—love you" "i-i-i love you")
the dream of huey newton, that's what i'm livin' through
the dream of eric wright, that's what i'm givin' you
who walked through the white house without a business suit
compton hat, jheri curl, drippin' on ronald reagan's shoes
gave mike lem my demo, came here to pay my dues
started off with whoo kid, then i start blazin' clue
it was all a dream like big said it'd be
don't sleep on me homey, i bring nightmares to reality
rap phenomenon, defyin' the rules of gravity
studied all the classics, start revisin' my strategy
'cause marshall mathers made it, curtis jackson made it
head in the clouds, wonderin' where the hell marvin gaye went
how do i say this? i'm livin' for my son
but i can't figure out, why i'm at my temple with this gun
wake up to a jesus piece, like a catholic nun
the war to be a rap legend has just begun
rushin' in this 40 ounce, lettin' the ink from my pen bleed
cause martin luther king had a ("dream")
aaliyah had a ("dream"), left eye had a ("dream")
so i reached out to kanye and ("brought you all my dreams 'cause i love you")
("i—love you" "i—love you" "i-i-i love you")
this song is dedicated to yetunde price
the sister of venus and serena williams
who was slain during a gang shootout in compton
sunday, september 14th, 2003: rest in peace
("i brought you all my dreams 'cause i love you")
("i—love you" "i—love you" "i-i-i love you")
("and i brought—" "and i brought—" "and i brought—dreams" "—dreams" "—dreams")
("and i brought you all my dreams 'cause i love you...")

--- Nelly - Grillz ---
rob the jewelry store and tell 'em, "make me a grill"
uh, uh
add the whole top diamond and the bottom row's gold
yo
we 'bout to start an epidemic with this one
y'all know what this is, so so def (uh, uh, uh, uh)
got thirty down at the bottom, thirty more at the top (uh-huh)
all invisible set in little ice cube blocks
if i could call it a drink, call it a smile on the rocks
if i could call out a price, let's say i call out a lot
i got like platinum and white rose, traditional gold
i'm changin' grills every day, like jay change clothes
i might be grilled out nicely (oh), in my white tee (oh)
or on south beach (oh), in my wife beat
vvs studded, you can tell when they cut it
you see, my grandmama hate it, but my lil' mama love it
'cause when i
open up your mouth, your grill gleamin' (gleamin'! say what?)
eyes stay low from the chiefin'
 (chiefin')
i got a grill i call penny candy, you know what that mean?
it look like now and laters, gumdrops, jelly beans
i wouldn't leave you for nothing, only a crazy man would
so if you catch me in your city, somewhere out in your hood, just say
smile for me, daddy (woo)
what you lookin' at? (uh, *come on*)
let me see ya grill
let me see my what?
ya, ya grill (uh), ya, ya, ya grill
rob the jewelry store and tell 'em, "make me a grill", she said
smile for me, daddy
what you lookin' at? (*oh*)
i wanna see ya grill
you wanna see my what?
ya, ya grill (uh), ya, ya, ya grill
add a whole top diamond and the bottom row's gold (*uh-oh*)
what it do, baby? it's the iceman, paul wall (yeah)
i got my mouth lookin' something like a disco ball (yeah)
i got the diamonds and the ice all hand set
i might cause a cold front if i take a deep breath (already)
my teeth gleaming like i'm chewing on aluminum foil
smiling, showing off my diamonds, sippin' on some potent oil (baby)
i put my money where my mouth is and bought a grill
twenty carats, thirty stacks, let 'em know i'm so for real (for real)
my motivation is them thirty pointers, vvs
the frontage in my mouthpiece simply symbolize success (that's right)
i got the wristwear and neckwear that's captivating (what?)
but it's my smile that got these onlookers spectating (hah)
my mouthpiece simply certified a total package
open up my mouth and you see more carrots than a salad (come on)
my teeth are mind-blowin', givin' everybody chills
call me george foreman, 'cause i'm sellin' everybody grills
smile for me, daddy (woo)
woo, what you lookin' at? uh
let me see your grill
let you see my what?
ya, ya grill (uh), ya, ya, ya grill
rob the jewelry store and tell 'em, "make me a grill", she said
smile for me, daddy (woo)
what you lookin' at? uh
i wanna see your grill
you wanna see my what?
ya, ya grill (uh), ya, ya, ya grill
add a whole top diamond and the bottom row's gold (*kinfolk, come on*)
gipp got them yellows, got them purples, got them reds (hey)
lights gon' hit and make you woozy in your head (hey)
you can catch me in my too $hort drop
mouth got colors like a fruit loop box
it's what it do, in the lou', ice grill, country grammar
where the hustlers move bricks and the gangsters bang hammers
where i got 'em, you can spot 'em on the top and the bottom
got a bill in my mouth like i'm hillary rodham
ain't dissin' nobody, but let's bring it to the light
gipp was the first with my mouth bright white (that's right)
these ho's can't focus 'cause they eyesight blurry
tippin' on some 4's, you can see my mouth jewelry
i got four different sets, it's a fabulous thang
one white, one yellow, like fabolous chain
and the other set the same, got my name in the moldadd a whole top diamond and the bottom rose gold (come on)
smile for me, daddy (woo)
what you lookin' at? uh
let me see your grill
let you see my what?
ya, ya grill (uh), ya, ya, ya grill
rob the jewelry store and tell 'em, "make me a grill", she said
smile for me, daddy (woo)
what you lookin' at? (uh)
i wanna see your grill
you wanna see my what?
ya, ya grill (uh), ya, ya, ya grill
add a whole top diamond and the bottom row's gold
(sing to me) boy, how'd you get your grill that way? (huh?)
and how much did you pay?
every time i see you, the first thing i wan' say, hey
smile for me, daddy (woo)
what you lookin' at? (uh)
let me see your grill
let you see my what? (hey)
ya, ya grill (uh), ya, ya, ya grill
rob the jewelry store and tell 'em, "make me a grill," she said
smile for me, daddy (woo)
what you lookin' at? (uh)
i wanna see your grill
you wanna see my what?
ya, ya grill (uh), ya, ya, ya grill
add a whole top diamond and the bottom row's gold (come on)

--- Cam'ron - Hey Ma ---
yeah, come on
hey ladies
hey ma (wassup?)
let's slide (alright)
alright, and we gon' get it on tonight
you smoke? (i smoke)
i drink (me too)
well good, 'cause we gon' get high tonight
got drops (got coupes), got trucks (got jeeps)
alright, 'cause we gon' take a ride tonight
so ma (wassup?)
let's slide (alright)
alright, and we gon' get it on tonight
yo, now i was downtown clubbin', ladies night
seen shorty, she was crazy, right?
and i approach baby like, "ma, what's your age and type?"
she looked at me and said, "you's a baby, right?"
i told her, "i'm eighteen and live a crazy life (for real)
plus i'll tell you what the '80s like
and i know what the ladies like
need a man that's polite, listens and takes advice
i could be all three, plus i can lay the pipe
come with me, come stay the night
she looked at me laughin', like, "boy, your game is tight"
i'm laughin' back like, sure, you're right, get in the car
and don't touch nothing, sit in the car
let's discuss something, either we lovin' or i'll see you tomorrow
now we speedin' up the west side
hand creepin' up her left side, i'm ready to do it
ready to bone, ready for dome
55th exit, damn, damn, already we home
now let's get it on
hey ma (wassup?)
let's slide (alright)
alright, and we gon' get it on tonight
you smoke? (i smoke)
i drink (me too)
well good, 'cause we gon' get high tonight
got drops (got coupes), got trucks (got jeeps)
alright, and we gon' take a ride tonight
so ma (wassup?)
let's slide (alright)
alright, and we gon' get it on tonight
uh
now that i got a girl, my ex wanna holla and spit
told me to acknowledge her quick
she like, "cam, stop frontin' on that dave hollister tip" (how?)
"come over, let's swallow and sip"
i'm like, "mama is sick"
i promise you dick, usually have a problem with chicks (why?)
they all say i'm rotten and rich
but not her, boobies real, high heel doobie feel
plus got them gucci nails, huh
you a cutie still (still)
and this my down girl too, ain't no groupie deal
we left the movies with uzis, suzuki wheels
to the jacuzzi, i tell you, my boo be's real (she's real)
i mean she do be winnin', louie spinnin'
go to the crib, she got the gucci linen (linen)
i see boo be grinnin' (grinnin')
she looked and said, "cam, i know that you be sinnin'"
nah, i'm a changed man, look at the range, ma'am
(look) i got a whole new game plan
looked and said, "that's nothing but game, cam"
she was right, she was up in the range, man (she know me)
dropped her off at the l, now i'm flippin' the cell
that's right, i had to call up l
yo l (what up?) i hit, (what else?)
plus dome, (say word), and we got it on tonight
hey ma (wassup?)
let's slide (alright)
alright, and we gon' get it on tonight
you smoke? (i smoke)
i drink (me too)
well good, 'cause we gon' get high tonight
got drops (got coupes), got trucks (got jeeps)
alright, and we gon' take a ride tonight
so ma (wassup?)
let's slide (alright)
alright, and we gon' get it on tonight

--- Fabolous ft. Nate Dogg - Can’t Deny It ---
uh, yea, uh
y'all can't deny it, i'mma fuckin' rider
you don't wanna fuck with me
 (yea)
got scales in the trunk 
with me
 (ok)
switching lanes, do a buck 
with me
 (that's rightttt)
y'all can't deny it, i'mma fucking rider
you don't wanna bang with me
 (yeah)
and you know i brought my gang 
with me
 (ok)
niggas trip, (uh) i got my thang (yo) 
with me (yo)
if they want it, cowards get it, they still wonder how i did it
now y'all with it, these niggas see how i spit it
huh, these bitches see how i kit it
you can hear my coupe a block away
bitches be yellin, "let me ride" like they snoop and dr. dre
i keep spittin', them clips copped on the calicos
keep shittin', with ziplocks of that cali dro'
keep hittin', they shift blocks for that cali dough
keep gettin', my tip rocked by them cali hoes
it's william bonnie, stealin' mamis
dance closely, even though they feel the llamies
i ain't tryna send police to ya res'
i'm tryna put this, piece to ya chest and you in peace wit the rest
you can release to the press, this how g's ride
from the north to the south to the east to the west, let's go
y'all can't deny it, i'mma fuckin' rider
you don't wanna fuck with me
 (yea)
got scales in the trunk 
with me
 (ok)
switching lanes, do a buck 
with me
 (that's rightttt)
y'all can't deny it, i'mma fucking rider
you don't wanna bang with me
 (yeah)
and you know i brought my gang 
with me
 (ok)
niggas trip, i got my thang (uh) 
with me
yo ma, i got you stuck off the realness
the name's fabolous, you heard i be
in them trucks wit the wheels glissed
in v.i.p, with buckets of chilled cris'
'click, click', who the fuck wanna feel this?
i still got them blocks movin', and the system in my truck
that can make it feel like the block's movin'
my 6-4's, wit the wheels and the shocks movin'
them boys in blue with the shields and the glocks movin' (you can't deny it)
i'm the same ol' g, the guc' frames got the same gold g
duke can you frame hold 3? 'cause if you see me on ya corner wit a 40 it ain't gon' be named olde e
i might be in chuck t's, or the chukka's
and if your duck cheese i'mma fuck her, duck these, motherfucker
ghetto fabolous, nigga, i ride 'til i die
hollerin' "1-8-7" when i ride through the stuy, fool
y'all can't deny it, i'mma fuckin' rider
you don't wanna fuck with me
 (yea)
got scales in the trunk 
with me
 (ok)
switching lanes, do a buck 
with me
 (that's rightttt)
y'all can't deny it, i'mma fucking rider
you don't wanna bang with me
 (yeah)
and you know i brought my gang 
with me
 (ok)
niggas trip, i got my thang 
with me
it ain't really dat hard
to get fucked up
its really quite easy
just step up
i'mma knock him so hard
on his butt
just like he been drinkin'
like he drunk
the fat lady stood up
just stood up
she 'bout to be singin'
turn it up
you won't hear a thing
no you won't
you too busy sleepin'
won't wake up
you can't deny it
the kid pull the four out a little quicker
you might end up the reason, your homies
will have to pour out a lil liquor
every stack that a draws out a lil thicker
i get brain, kick the whores out a lil quicker
you kids rap; that's cool
but the kid's wrapped in jewels, the kid clap that tool
kidnap that fool, you don't wanna wake up gettin' told
that ya kids trapped at school, when the time's right
i'mma put this nine right to the left side of ya head, push ya mind right
it's still nuthin' but a g thang, i thought you knew
and i'm 'bout to do the numbers that they thought you do
still don't know me, still jump in a lex
the chain so icy, i got chill bumps on my neck
the narcs heard, how the krills pump in the 'jects
still bump in your decks, still dumpin' the tec, still
y'all can't deny it, i'mma fuckin' rider
you don't wanna fuck with me
 (yea)
got scales in the trunk 
with me
 (ok)
switching lanes, do a buck 
with me
 (that's rightttt)
y'all can't deny it, i'mma fucking rider
you don't wanna bang with me
 (yeah)
and you know i brought my gang 
with me
 (ok)
niggas trip, i got my thang 
with me (that's rightttt)
oo oooooooooooooooo
(yea)
oo oooooooooooooooo
(that's rightttt)
oo oooooooooooooooo
(yea)
oo oooooooooooooooo
(ok)
y'all can't deny it, i'mma fuckin' rider
you don't wanna fuck with me
 (yea)
got scales in the trunk 
with me
 (ok)
switching lanes, do a buck 
with me
 (that's rightttt)
y'all can't deny it, i'mma fucking rider
you don't wanna bang with me
 (yeah)
and you know i brought my gang 
with me
 (ok)
niggas trip, i got my thang 
with me (that's rightttt)
you don't wanna fuck with me
with me
with me
you don't wanna bang with me
with me

--- Jadakiss - Why ---
haha! is that real!
yo, why is jadakiss as hard as it gets?
why is the industry designed to keep the artist in debt?
and why them dudes ain't ridin' if they part of your set?
and why they never get it poppin' but they party to death?
yeah, and why they gonna give you life for a murder?
turn around, only give you eight months for a burner?
it's goin' down; why they sellin' niggas' cd's for under a dime?
and if it's all love, daddy, why you come with your 9?
why my niggas ain't get that cake?
why is a brother up north better than jordan
that ain't get that break?
why you don't stack instead of tryin' to be fly?
why is rattin' at an all time high? why are you even alive? (why?)
why they kill 2pac and chris?
why at the bar you ain't take straight shots instead of poppin' cris? (oh, why?)
why them bullets have to hit that door?
why did kobe have to hit that raw? why'd he kiss that whore?
why?! (good lord, tell me why)
all that i’ve been given
it's this pain that i’ve been livin'
they got me in the system
why they gotta do me like that?
tried to make it my way
but got sent on up the highway
why? oh why?
why they gotta do me like that?
why do niggas push pounds and powder?
why did bush knock down the towers?
why you around them cowards?
why aaliyah have to take that flight?
why my nigga d ain't pull out his ferrari?
why he take that bike?
why they gotta open your package and read your mail?
why they stop lettin' niggas get degrees in jail?
why you gotta do 85% of your time?
and why do niggas lie in 85% of they rhymes?
why a nigga always want what he can't have?
why i can't come through in the pecan jag?
why did crack have to hit so hard?
even though it's almost over, why niggas can't get no jobs?
why they come up with the witness protection?
why they let the terminator win the election?
come on, pay attention!
why i sell in the stores what you could sell in the streets?
why i say the hottest shit but be sellin' the least? why
all that i’ve been given
it's this pain that i’ve been livin'
they got me in the system
why they gotta do me like that?
tried to make it my way
but got sent on up the highway
why? oh why?
why they gotta do me like that?
why halle have to let a white man pop her to get a oscar?
why denzel have to be crooked before he took it?
why they didn't make the cl6 with a clutch?
and if you don't smoke
then why the hell you reachin' for my dutch?!
why rap? ‘cause i need air time
why be on the curb with a "why lie? i need a beer" sign?
why all the young niggas is dyin'?
‘cause they moms at work
they pops is gone, they livin' with iron
why they ain't give us a cure for aids?
why my diesel have fiends in the spot on the floor for days?
why you screamin' like it's a slug? it's only the hawk
why my buzz in l.a. ain't like it is in new york?
why they forcin' you to be hard?
why ain't you a thug by choice?
why the whole world love my voice?
why? try to tell 'em that it's the flow, son
and you know why they made the new twenties?
‘cause i got all the old ones — that's why!
all that i’ve been given
is this pain that i’ve been livin'
they got me in the system
why they gotta do me like that?
tried to make it my way
but got sent on up the highway
why? oh why?
why they gotta do me like that?
why? oh, why?
oh! why, oh
why?
tell me why? why?

--- Slim Thug - Like a Boss ---
fuck that nigga slim! you the motherfucking boss!
i call shots - like a boss
stack knots - like a boss
cop drops - like a boss
on top - like a boss
paid the cost - like the boss
when i floss - like a boss
big house - like a boss
rep the north - like a boss
who the boss nigga? who the motherfucking boss?
who the boss nigga? who the motherfucking boss?
who the boss nigga? who the motherfucking boss?
who the boss nigga? you see the motherfucking boss!
i'm slim thugger motherfucker! tha boss of all bosses
that's right! aka - he who the king of the north is!
wars won, no losses; who wanna compete?
with the chief of the police, who got the keys to the streets
i'm a full time hustler, part-time rhymer
i'm having thangs pha-real (you punks ain't no grinders)
you fools just went to school and learned to use pro tools?
and tried to copy your g-moves off the ten o'clock news
you can't survive in my shoes or afford to pay my dues
wit your cartoon crews, you niggas destined to lose!
i rock eminem and 50 cent crowds
and spend most of my weekends cruising above clouds
from the west to the southway to the east coast
i switch time zones more than ho's switch clothes
i was born to be on top (top), born to call shots (shots)
born to cop drops and trick off fats knots, like a boss!
call me sarge, i'm the head nigga in charge
you see the b on the 'nage parked in the garage?
i'm the coach, i wrote them plays for my team
hah! i'm the mastermind behind these teams wit green
i call all the shots, provide all the knots
supply all the rocks and sponsor all the spots
i stay on the top floor, got the executive suite
sit in the corner chair where me and my niggas meet
sport the presendential rolly, got a driver that drive
i don't open doors no more, he do it from outside
at the club, they lock off v.i.p. for me
and send cases of crystal to my section for free
hah! you see this rock hanging on my pinkie ring?
i'm respected in these streets, they treat me like a king
i get accepted like family, your house is my house
i guess that's why they call me - slim thug tha boss!
fuck that! y'all niggas talking shit?!
y'all come to the northside
and see who the motherfucking boss is.. slim thug!!!

--- Eminem - A Sentimental Journey Through France and Italy ---
a sentimental journey through france and italy
by 
mr. yorick
volume 1
they order, said i, this matter better in france. - you have been in france? said my gentleman, turning quick upon me, with the most civil triumph in the world. - strange! quoth i, debating the matter with myself, that one and twenty miles sailing, for ’tis absolutely no further from dover to calais, should give a man these rights: - i’ll look into them: so, giving up the argument, - i went straight to my lodgings, put up half a dozen shirts and a black pair of silk breeches, - “the coat i have on,” said i, looking at the sleeve, “will do;” - took a place in the dover stage; and the packet sailing at nine the next morning, - by three i had got sat down to my dinner upon a fricaseed chicken, so incontestably in france, that had i died that night of an indigestion, the whole world could not have suspended the effects of the droits d’aubaine; - my shirts, and black pair of silk breeches, - portmanteau and all, must have gone to the king of france; - even the little picture which i have so long worn, and so often have told thee, eliza, i would carry with me into my grave, would have been torn from my neck! - ungenerous! to seize upon the wreck of an unwary passenger, whom your subjects had beckoned to their coast! - by heaven!  sire, it is not well done; and much does it grieve me, ’tis the monarch of a people so civilized and courteous, and so renowned for sentiment and fine feelings, that i have to reason with! -
but i have scarce set a foot in your dominions. -
calais.
when i had fished my dinner, and drank the king of france’s health, to satisfy my mind that i bore him no spleen, but, on the contrary, high honour for the humanity of his temper, - i rose up an inch taller for the accommodation.
- no - said i - the bourbon is by no means a cruel race: they may be misled, like other people; but there is a mildness in their blood.  as i acknowledged this, i felt a suffusion of a finer kind upon my cheek - more warm and friendly to man, than what burgundy (at least of two livres a bottle, which was such as i had been drinking) could have produced.
- just god! said i, kicking my portmanteau aside, what is there in this world’s goods which should sharpen our spirits, and make so many kind-hearted brethren of us fall out so cruelly as we do by the way?
when man is at peace with man, how much lighter than a feather is the heaviest of metals in his hand! he pulls out his purse, and holding it airily and uncompressed, looks round him, as if he sought for an object to share it with. - in doing this, i felt every vessel in my frame dilate, - the arteries beat all cheerily together, and every power which sustained life, performed it with so little friction, that ’twould have confounded the most physical précieuse in france; with all her materialism, she could scarce have called me a machine. -
i’m confident, said i to myself, i should have overset her creed.
the accession of that idea carried nature, at that time, as high as she could go; - i was at peace with the world before, and this finish’d the treaty with myself. -
- now, was i king of france, cried i - what a moment for an orphan to have begg’d his father’s portmanteau of me!
the monk.  calais.
i had scarce uttered the words, when a poor monk of the order of st. francis came into the room to beg something for a his convent.  no man cares to have his virtues the sport of contingencies - or one man may be generous, as another is puissant; - sed non quoad hanc - or be it as it may, - for there is no regular reasoning upon the ebbs and flows of our humours; they may depend upon the same causes, for aught i know, which influence the tides themselves: ’twould oft be no discredit to us, to suppose it was so: i’m sure at least for myself, that in many a case i should be more highly satisfied, to have it said by the world, “i had had an affair with the moon, in which there was neither sin nor shame,” than have it pass altogether as my own act and deed, wherein there was so much of both.
- but, be this as it may, - the moment i cast my eyes upon him, i was predetermined not to give him a single sous; and, accordingly, i put my purse into my pocket - buttoned it - set myself a little more upon my centre, and advanced up gravely to him; there was something, i fear, forbidding in my look: i have his figure this moment before my eyes, and think there was that in it which deserved better.
the monk, as i judged by the break in his tonsure, a few scattered white hairs upon his temples, being all that remained of it, might be about seventy; - but from his eyes, and that sort of fire which was in them, which seemed more temper’d by courtesy than years, could be no more than sixty: - truth might lie between - he was certainly sixty-five; and the general air of his countenance, notwithstanding something seem’d to have been planting-wrinkles in it before their time, agreed to the account.
it was one of those heads which guido has often painted, - mild, pale - penetrating, free from all commonplace ideas of fat contented ignorance looking downwards upon the earth; - it look’d forwards; but look’d as if it look’d at something beyond this world. - how one of his order came by it, heaven above, who let it fall upon a monk’s shoulders best knows: but it would have suited a bramin, and had i met it upon the plains of indostan, i had reverenced it.
the rest of his outline may be given in a few strokes; one might put it into the hands of any one to design, for ’twas neither elegant nor otherwise, but as character and expression made it so: it was a thin, spare form, something above the common size, if it lost not the distinction by a bend forward in the figure, - but it was the attitude of intreaty; and, as it now stands presented to my imagination, it gained more than it lost by it.
when he had entered the room three paces, he stood still; and laying his left hand upon his breast (a slender white staff with which he journey’d being in his right) - when i had got close up to him, he introduced himself with the little story of the wants of his convent, and the poverty of his order; - and did it with so simple a grace, - and such an air of deprecation was there in the whole cast of his look and figure, - i was bewitch’d not to have been struck with it.
- a better reason was, i had predetermined not to give him a single sous.
the monk.  calais.
- ’tis very true, said i, replying to a cast upwards with his eyes, with which he had concluded his address; - ’tis very true, - and heaven be their resource who have no other but the charity of the world, the stock of which, i fear, is no way sufficient for the many great claims which are hourly made upon it.
as i pronounced the words great claims, he gave a slight glance with his eye downwards upon the sleeve of his tunic: - i felt the full force of the appeal - i acknowledge it, said i: - a coarse habit, and that but once in three years with meagre diet, - are no great matters; and the true point of pity is, as they can be earn’d in the world with so little industry, that your order should wish to procure them by pressing upon a fund which is the property of the lame, the blind, the aged and the infirm; - the captive who lies down counting over and over again the days of his afflictions, languishes also for his share of it; and had you been of the order of mercy, instead of the order of st. francis, poor as i am, continued i, pointing at my portmanteau, full cheerfully should it have been open’d to you, for the ransom of the unfortunate. - the monk made me a bow. - but of all others, resumed i, the unfortunate of our own country, surely, have the first rights; and i have left thousands in distress upon our own shore. - the monk gave a cordial wave with his head, - as much as to say, no doubt there is misery enough in every corner of the world, as well as within our convent - but we distinguish, said i, laying my hand upon the sleeve of his tunic, in return for his appeal - we distinguish, my good father! betwixt those who wish only to eat the bread of their own labour - and those who eat the bread of other people’s, and have no other plan in life, but to get through it in sloth and ignorance, for the love of god.
the poor franciscan made no reply: a hectic of a moment pass’d across his cheek, but could not tarry - nature seemed to have done with her resentments in him; - he showed none: - but letting his staff fall within his arms, he pressed both his hands with resignation upon his breast, and retired.
the monk.  calais.
my heart smote me the moment he shut the door - psha! said i, with an air of carelessness, three several times - but it would not do: every ungracious syllable i had utter’d crowded back into my imagination: i reflected, i had no right over the poor franciscan, but to deny him; and that the punishment of that was enough to the disappointed, without the addition of unkind language. - i consider’d his gray hairs - his courteous figure seem’d to re-enter and gently ask me what injury he had done me? - and why i could use him thus? - i would have given twenty livres for an advocate. - i have behaved very ill, said i within myself; but i have only just set out upon my travels; and shall learn better manners as i get along.
the desobligeant.  calais.
when a man is discontented with himself, it has one advantage however, that it puts him into an excellent frame of mind for making a bargain.  now there being no travelling through france and italy without a chaise, - and nature generally prompting us to the thing we are fittest for, i walk’d out into the coach-yard to buy or hire something of that kind to my purpose: an old désobligeant in the furthest corner of the court, hit my fancy at first sight, so i instantly got into it, and finding it in tolerable harmony with my feelings, i ordered the waiter to call monsieur dessein, the master of the hotel: - but monsieur dessein being gone to vespers, and not caring to face the franciscan, whom i saw on the opposite side of the court, in conference with a lady just arrived at the inn, - i drew the taffeta curtain betwixt us, and being determined to write my journey, i took out my pen and ink and wrote the preface to it in the désobligeant.
preface.  in the desobligeant.
it must have been observed by many a peripatetic philosopher, that nature has set up by her own unquestionable authority certain boundaries and fences to circumscribe the discontent of man; she has effected her purpose in the quietest and easiest manner by laying him under almost insuperable obligations to work out his ease, and to sustain his sufferings at home.  it is there only that she has provided him with the most suitable objects to partake of his happiness, and bear a part of that burden which in all countries and ages has ever been too heavy for one pair of shoulders.  ’tis true, we are endued with an imperfect power of spreading our happiness sometimes beyond her limits, but ’tis so ordered, that, from the want of languages, connections, and dependencies, and from the difference in education, customs, and habits, we lie under so many impediments in communicating our sensations out of our own sphere, as often amount to a total impossibility.
it will always follow from hence, that the balance of sentimental commerce is always against the expatriated adventurer: he must buy what he has little occasion for, at their own price; - his conversation will seldom be taken in exchange for theirs without a large discount, - and this, by the by, eternally driving him into the hands of more equitable brokers, for such conversation as he can find, it requires no great spirit of divination to guess at his party -
this brings me to my point; and naturally leads me (if the see-saw of this désobligeant will but let me get on) into the efficient as well as final causes of travelling -
your idle people that leave their native country, and go abroad for some reason or reasons which may be derived from one of these general causes:-
infirmity of body,
imbecility of mind, or
inevitable necessity.
the first two include all those who travel by land or by water, labouring with pride, curiosity, vanity, or spleen, subdivided and combined ad infinitum.
the third class includes the whole army of peregrine martyrs; more especially those travellers who set out upon their travels with the benefit of the clergy, either as delinquents travelling under the direction of governors recommended by the magistrate; - or young gentlemen transported by the cruelty of parents and guardians, and travelling under the direction of governors recommended by oxford, aberdeen, and glasgow.
there is a fourth class, but their number is so small that they would not deserve a distinction, were it not necessary in a work of this nature to observe the greatest precision and nicety, to avoid a confusion of character.  and these men i speak of, are such as cross the seas and sojourn in a land of strangers, with a view of saving money for various reasons and upon various pretences: but as they might also save themselves and others a great deal of unnecessary trouble by saving their money at home, - and as their reasons for travelling are the least complex of any other species of emigrants, i shall distinguish these gentlemen by the name of
simple travellers.
thus the whole circle of travellers may be reduced to the following heads:-
idle travellers,
inquisitive travellers,
lying travellers,
proud travellers,
vain travellers,
splenetic travellers.
then follow:
the travellers of necessity,
the delinquent and felonious traveller,
the unfortunate and innocent traveller,
the simple traveller,
and last of all (if you please) the sentimental traveller, (meaning thereby myself) who have travell’d, and of which i am now sitting down to give an account, - as much out of necessity, and the besoin de voyager, as any one in the class.
i am well aware, at the same time, as both my travels and observations will be altogether of a different cast from any of my forerunners, that i might have insisted upon a whole nitch entirely to myself; - but i should break in upon the confines of the vain traveller, in wishing to draw attention towards me, till i have some better grounds for it than the mere novelty of my vehicle.
it is sufficient for my reader, if he has been a traveller himself, that with study and reflection hereupon he may be able to determine his own place and rank in the catalogue; - it will be one step towards knowing himself; as it is great odds but he retains some tincture and resemblance, of what he imbibed or carried out, to the present hour.
the man who first transplanted the grape of burgundy to the cape of good hope (observe he was a dutchman) never dreamt of drinking the same wine at the cape, that the same grape produced upon the french mountains, - he was too phlegmatic for that - but undoubtedly he expected to drink some sort of vinous liquor; but whether good or bad, or indifferent, - he knew enough of this world to know, that it did not depend upon his choice, but that what is generally called choice, was to decide his success: however, he hoped for the best; and in these hopes, by an intemperate confidence in the fortitude of his head, and the depth of his discretion, mynheer might possibly oversee both in his new vineyard; and by discovering his nakedness, become a laughing stock to his people.
even so it fares with the poor traveller, sailing and posting through the politer kingdoms of the globe, in pursuit of knowledge and improvements.
knowledge and improvements are to be got by sailing and posting for that purpose; but whether useful knowledge and real improvements is all a lottery; - and even where the adventurer is successful, the acquired stock must be used with caution and sobriety, to turn to any profit: - but, as the chances run prodigiously the other way, both as to the acquisition and application, i am of opinion, that a man would act as wisely, if he could prevail upon himself to live contented without foreign knowledge or foreign improvements, especially if he lives in a country that has no absolute want of either; - and indeed, much grief of heart has it oft and many a time cost me, when i have observed how many a foul step the inquisitive traveller has measured to see sights and look into discoveries; all which, as sancho panza said to don quixote, they might have seen dry-shod at home.  it is an age so full of light, that there is scarce a country or corner in europe whose beams are not crossed and interchanged with others. - knowledge in most of its branches, and in most affairs, is like music in an italian street, whereof those may partake who pay nothing. - but there is no nation under heaven - and god is my record (before whose tribunal i must one day come and give an account of this work) - that i do not speak it vauntingly, - but there is no nation under heaven abounding with more variety of learning, - where the sciences may be more fitly woo’d, or more surely won, than here, - where art is encouraged, and will so soon rise high, - where nature (take her altogether) has so little to answer for, - and, to close all, where there is more wit and variety of character to feed the mind with: - where then, my dear countrymen, are you going? -
we are only looking at this chaise, said they. - your most obedient servant, said i, skipping out of it, and pulling off my hat. - we were wondering, said one of them, who, i found was an inquisitive traveller, - what could occasion its motion. - ’twas the agitation, said i, coolly, of writing a preface. - i never heard, said the other, who was a simple traveller, of a preface wrote in a désobligeant. - it would have been better, said i, in a vis-a-vis.
- as an englishman does not travel to see englishmen, i retired to my room.
calais.
i perceived that something darken’d the passage more than myself, as i stepp’d along it to my room; it was effectually mons. dessein, the master of the hôtel, who had just returned from vespers, and with his hat under his arm, was most complaisantly following me, to put me in mind of my wants.  i had wrote myself pretty well out of conceit with the désobligeant, and mons. dessein speaking of it, with a shrug, as if it would no way suit me, it immediately struck my fancy that it belong’d to some innocent traveller, who, on his return home, had left it to mons. dessein’s honour to make the most of.  four months had elapsed since it had finished its career of europe in the corner of mons. dessein’s coach-yard; and having sallied out from thence but a vampt-up business at the first, though it had been twice taken to pieces on mount sennis, it had not profited much by its adventures, - but by none so little as the standing so many months unpitied in the corner of mons. dessein’s coach-yard.  much indeed was not to be said for it, - but something might; - and when a few words will rescue misery out of her distress, i hate the man who can be a churl of them.
- now was i the master of this hôtel, said i, laying the point of my fore-finger on mons. dessein’s breast, i would inevitably make a point of getting rid of this unfortunate désobligeant; - it stands swinging reproaches at you every time you pass by it.
mon dieu! said mons. dessein, - i have no interest - except the interest, said i, which men of a certain turn of mind take, mons. dessein, in their own sensations, - i’m persuaded, to a man who feels for others as well as for himself, every rainy night, disguise it as you will, must cast a damp upon your spirits: - you suffer, mons. dessein, as much as the machine -
i have always observed, when there is as much sour as sweet in a compliment, that an englishman is eternally at a loss within himself, whether to take it, or let it alone: a frenchman never is: mons. dessein made me a bow.
c’est bien vrai, said he. - but in this case i should only exchange one disquietude for another, and with loss: figure to yourself, my dear sir, that in giving you a chaise which would fall to pieces before you had got half-way to paris, - figure to yourself how much i should suffer, in giving an ill impression of myself to a man of honour, and lying at the mercy, as i must do, d’un homme d’esprit.
the dose was made up exactly after my own prescription; so i could not help tasting it, - and, returning mons. dessein his bow, without more casuistry we walk’d together towards his remise, to take a view of his magazine of chaises.
in the street.  calais.
it must needs be a hostile kind of a world, when the buyer (if it be but of a sorry post-chaise) cannot go forth with the seller thereof into the street to terminate the difference betwixt them, but he instantly falls into the same frame of mind, and views his conventionist with the same sort of eye, as if he was going along with him to hyde-park corner to fight a duel.  for my own part, being but a poor swordsman, and no way a match for monsieur dessein, i felt the rotation of all the movements within me, to which the situation is incident; - i looked at monsieur dessein through and through - eyed him as he walk’d along in profile, - then, en face; - thought like a jew, - then a turk, - disliked his wig, - cursed him by my gods, - wished him at the devil. -
- and is all this to be lighted up in the heart for a beggarly account of three or four louis d’ors, which is the most i can be overreached in? - base passion! said i, turning myself about, as a man naturally does upon a sudden reverse of sentiment, - base, ungentle passion! thy hand is against every man, and every man’s hand against thee. - heaven forbid! said she, raising her hand up to her forehead, for i had turned full in front upon the lady whom i had seen in conference with the monk: - she had followed us unperceived. - heaven forbid, indeed! said i, offering her my own; - she had a black pair of silk gloves, open only at the thumb and two fore-fingers, so accepted it without reserve, - and i led her up to the door of the remise.
monsieur dessein had diabled the key above fifty times before he had found out he had come with a wrong one in his hand: we were as impatient as himself to have it opened; and so attentive to the obstacle that i continued holding her hand almost without knowing it: so that monsieur dessein left us together with her hand in mine, and with our faces turned towards the door of the remise, and said he would be back in five minutes.
now a colloquy of five minutes, in such a situation, is worth one of as many ages, with your faces turned towards the street: in the latter case, ’tis drawn from the objects and occurrences without; - when your eyes are fixed upon a dead blank, - you draw purely from yourselves.  a silence of a single moment upon mons. dessein’s leaving us, had been fatal to the situation - she had infallibly turned about; - so i begun the conversation instantly. -
- but what were the temptations (as i write not to apologize for the weaknesses of my heart in this tour, - but to give an account of them) - shall be described with the same simplicity with which i felt them.
the remise door.  calais.
when i told the reader that i did not care to get out of the désobligeant, because i saw the monk in close conference with a lady just arrived at the inn - i told him the truth, - but i did not tell him the whole truth; for i was as full as much restrained by the appearance and figure of the lady he was talking to.  suspicion crossed my brain and said, he was telling her what had passed: something jarred upon it within me, - i wished him at his convent.
when the heart flies out before the understanding, it saves the judgment a world of pains. - i was certain she was of a better order of beings; - however, i thought no more of her, but went on and wrote my preface.
the impression returned upon my encounter with her in the street; a guarded frankness with which she gave me her hand, showed, i thought, her good education and her good sense; and as i led her on, i felt a pleasurable ductility about her, which spread a calmness over all my spirits -
- good god! how a man might lead such a creature as this round the world with him! -
i had not yet seen her face - ’twas not material: for the drawing was instantly set about, and long before we had got to the door of the remise, fancy had finished the whole head, and pleased herself as much with its fitting her goddess, as if she had dived into the tiber for it; - but thou art a seduced, and a seducing slut; and albeit thou cheatest us seven times a day with thy pictures and images, yet with so many charms dost thou do it, and thou deckest out thy pictures in the shapes of so many angels of light, ’tis a shame to break with thee.
when we had got to the door of the remise, she withdrew her hand from across her forehead, and let me see the original: - it was a face of about six-and-twenty, - of a clear transparent brown, simply set off without rouge or powder; - it was not critically handsome, but there was that in it, which, in the frame of mind i was in, attached me much more to it, - it was interesting: i fancied it wore the characters of a widow’d look, and in that state of its declension, which had passed the two first paroxysms of sorrow, and was quietly beginning to reconcile itself to its loss; - but a thousand other distresses might have traced the same lines; i wish’d to know what they had been - and was ready to inquire, (had the same bon ton of conversation permitted, as in the days of esdras) - “what ailelh thee? and why art thou disquieted? and why is thy understanding troubled?” - in a word, i felt benevolence for her; and resolv’d some way or other to throw in my mite of courtesy, - if not of service.
such were my temptations; - and in this disposition to give way to them, was i left alone with the lady with her hand in mine, and with our faces both turned closer to the door of the remise than what was absolutely necessary.
the remise door.  calais.
this certainly, fair lady, said i, raising her hand up little lightly as i began, must be one of fortune’s whimsical doings; to take two utter strangers by their hands, - of different sexes, and perhaps from different corners of the globe, and in one moment place them together in such a cordial situation as friendship herself could scarce have achieved for them, had she projected it for a month.
- and your reflection upon it shows how much, monsieur, she has embarrassed you by the adventure -
when the situation is what we would wish, nothing is so ill-timed as to hint at the circumstances which make it so: you thank fortune, continued she - you had reason - the heart knew it, and was satisfied; and who but an english philosopher would have sent notice of it to the brain to reverse the judgment?
in saying this, she disengaged her hand with a look which i thought a sufficient commentary upon the text.
it is a miserable picture which i am going to give of the weakness of my heart, by owning, that it suffered a pain, which worthier occasions could not have inflicted. - i was mortified with the loss of her hand, and the manner in which i had lost it carried neither oil nor wine to the wound: i never felt the pain of a sheepish inferiority so miserably in my life.
the triumphs of a true feminine heart are short upon these discomfitures.  in a very few seconds she laid her hand upon the cuff of my coat, in order to finish her reply; so, some way or other, god knows how, i regained my situation.
- she had nothing to add.
i forthwith began to model a different conversation for the lady, thinking from the spirit as well as moral of this, that i had been mistaken in her character; but upon turning her face towards me, the spirit which had animated the reply was fled, - the muscles relaxed, and i beheld the same unprotected look of distress which first won me to her interest: - melancholy! to see such sprightliness the prey of sorrow, - i pitied her from my soul; and though it may seem ridiculous enough to a torpid heart, - i could have taken her into my arms, and cherished her, though it was in the open street, without brushing.
the pulsations of the arteries along my fingers pressing across hers, told her what was passing within me: she looked down - a silence of some moments followed.
i fear in this interval, i must have made some slight efforts towards a closer compression of her hand, from a subtle sensation i felt in the palm of my own, - not as if she was going to withdraw hers - but as if she thought about it; - and i had infallibly lost it a second time, had not instinct more than reason directed me to the last resource in these dangers, - to hold it loosely, and in a manner as if i was every moment going to release it, of myself; so she let it continue, till monsieur dessein returned with the key; and in the mean time i set myself to consider how i should undo the ill impressions which the poor monk’s story, in case he had told it her, must have planted in her breast against me.
the snuff box.  calais.
the good old monk was within six paces of us, as the idea of him crossed my mind; and was advancing towards us a little out of the line, as if uncertain whether he should break in upon us or no. - he stopp’d, however, as soon as he came up to us, with a world of frankness: and having a horn snuff box in his hand, he presented it open to me. - you shall taste mine - said i, pulling out my box (which was a small tortoise one) and putting it into his hand. - ’tis most excellent, said the monk.  then do me the favour, i replied, to accept of the box and all, and when you take a pinch out of it, sometimes recollect it was the peace offering of a man who once used you unkindly, but not from his heart.
the poor monk blush’d as red as scarlet.  mon dieu! said he, pressing his hands together - you never used me unkindly. - i should think, said the lady, he is not likely.  i blush’d in my turn; but from what movements, i leave to the few who feel, to analyze. - excuse me, madame, replied i, - i treated him most unkindly; and from no provocations. - ’tis impossible, said the lady. - my god! cried the monk, with a warmth of asseveration which seem’d not to belong to him - the fault was in me, and in the indiscretion of my zeal. - the lady opposed it, and i joined with her in maintaining it was impossible, that a spirit so regulated as his, could give offence to any.
i knew not that contention could be rendered so sweet and pleasurable a thing to the nerves as i then felt it. - we remained silent, without any sensation of that foolish pain which takes place, when, in such a circle, you look for ten minutes in one another’s faces without saying a word.  whilst this lasted, the monk rubbed his horn box upon the sleeve of his tunic; and as soon as it had acquired a little air of brightness by the friction - he made me a low bow, and said, ’twas too late to say whether it was the weakness or goodness of our tempers which had involved us in this contest - but be it as it would, - he begg’d we might exchange boxes. - in saying this, he presented his to me with one hand, as he took mine from me in the other, and having kissed it, - with a stream of good nature in his eyes, he put it into his bosom, - and took his leave.
i guard this box, as i would the instrumental parts of my religion, to help my mind on to something better: in truth, i seldom go abroad without it; and oft and many a time have i called up by it the courteous spirit of its owner to regulate my own, in the justlings of the world: they had found full employment for his, as i learnt from his story, till about the forty-fifth year of his age, when upon some military services ill requited, and meeting at the same time with a disappointment in the tenderest of passions, he abandoned the sword and the sex together, and took sanctuary not so much in his convent as in himself.
i feel a damp upon my spirits, as i am going to add, that in my last return through calais, upon enquiring after father lorenzo, i heard he had been dead near three months, and was buried, not in his convent, but, according to his desire, in a little cemetery belonging to it, about two leagues off: i had a strong desire to see where they had laid him, - when, upon pulling out his little horn box, as i sat by his grave, and plucking up a nettle or two at the head of it, which had no business to grow there, they all struck together so forcibly upon my affections, that i burst into a flood of tears: - but i am as weak as a woman; and i beg the world not to smile, but to pity me.
the remise door.  calais.
i had never quitted the lady’s hand all this time, and had held it so long, that it would have been indecent to have let it go, without first pressing it to my lips: the blood and spirits, which had suffered a revulsion from her, crowded back to her as i did it.
now the two travellers, who had spoke to me in the coach-yard, happening at that crisis to be passing by, and observing our communications, naturally took it into their heads that we must be man and wife at least; so, stopping as soon as they came up to the door of the remise, the one of them who was the inquisitive traveller, ask’d us, if we set out for paris the next morning? - i could only answer for myself, i said; and the lady added, she was for amiens. - we dined there yesterday, said the simple traveller. - you go directly through the town, added the other, in your road to paris.  i was going to return a thousand thanks for the intelligence, that amiens was in the road to paris, but, upon pulling out my poor monk’s little horn box to take a pinch of snuff, i made them a quiet bow, and wishing them a good passage to dover. - they left us alone. -
- now where would be the harm, said i to myself, if i were to beg of this distressed lady to accept of half of my chaise? - and what mighty mischief could ensue?
every dirty passion, and bad propensity in my nature took the alarm, as i stated the proposition. - it will oblige you to have a third horse, said avarice, which will put twenty livres out of your pocket; - you know not what she is, said caution; - or what scrapes the affair may draw you into, whisper’d cowardice. -
depend upon it, yorick! said discretion, ’twill be said you went off with a mistress, and came by assignation to calais for that purpose; -
- you can never after, cried hypocrisy aloud, show your face in the world; - or rise, quoth meanness, in the church; - or be any thing in it, said pride, but a lousy prebendary.
but ’tis a civil thing, said i; - and as i generally act from the first impulse, and therefore seldom listen to these cabals, which serve no purpose, that i know of, but to encompass the heart with adamant - i turned instantly about to the lady. -
- but she had glided off unperceived, as the cause was pleading, and had made ten or a dozen paces down the street, by the time i had made the determination; so i set off after her with a long stride, to make her the proposal, with the best address i was master of: but observing she walk’d with her cheek half resting upon the palm of her hand, - with the slow short-measur’d step of thoughtfulness, - and with her eyes, as she went step by step, fixed upon the ground, it struck me she was trying the same cause herself. - god help her! said i, she has some mother-in-law, or tartufish aunt, or nonsensical old woman, to consult upon the occasion, as well as myself: so not caring to interrupt the process, and deeming it more gallant to take her at discretion than by surprise, i faced about and took a short turn or two before the door of the remise, whilst she walk’d musing on one side.
in the street.  calais.
having, on the first sight of the lady, settled the affair in my fancy “that she was of the better order of beings;” - and then laid it down as a second axiom, as indisputable as the first, that she was a widow, and wore a character of distress, - i went no further; i got ground enough for the situation which pleased me; - and had she remained close beside my elbow till midnight, i should have held true to my system, and considered her only under that general idea.
she had scarce got twenty paces distant from me, ere something within me called out for a more particular enquiry; - it brought on the idea of a further separation: - i might possibly never see her more: - the heart is for saving what it can; and i wanted the traces through which my wishes might find their way to her, in case i should never rejoin her myself; in a word, i wished to know her name, - her family’s - her condition; and as i knew the place to which she was going, i wanted to know from whence she came: but there was no coming at all this intelligence; a hundred little delicacies stood in the way.  i form’d a score different plans. - there was no such thing as a man’s asking her directly; - the thing was impossible.
a little french débonnaire captain, who came dancing down the street, showed me it was the easiest thing in the world: for, popping in betwixt us, just as the lady was returning back to the door of the remise, he introduced himself to my acquaintance, and before he had well got announced, begg’d i would do him the honour to present him to the lady. - i had not been presented myself; - so turning about to her, he did it just as well, by asking her if she had come from paris?  no: she was going that route, she said. - vous n’êtes pas de londres? - she was not, she replied. - then madame must have come through flanders. - apparemment vous êtes flammande? said the french captain. - the lady answered, she was. - peut être de lisle? added he. - she said, she was not of lisle. - nor arras? - nor cambray? - nor ghent? - nor brussels? - she answered, she was of brussels.
he had had the honour, he said, to be at the bombardment of it last war; - that it was finely situated, pour cela, - and full of noblesse when the imperialists were driven out by the french (the lady made a slight courtesy) - so giving her an account of the affair, and of the share he had had in it, - he begg’d the honour to know her name, - so made his bow.
- et madame a son mari? - said he, looking back when he had made two steps, - and, without staying for an answer - danced down the street.
had i served seven years apprenticeship to good breeding, i could not have done as much.
the remise.  calais.
as the little french captain left us, mons. dessein came up with the key of the remise in his hand, and forthwith let us into his magazine of chaises.
the first object which caught my eye, as mons. dessein open’d the door of the remise, was another old tatter’d désobligeant; and notwithstanding it was the exact picture of that which had hit my fancy so much in the coach-yard but an hour before, - the very sight of it stirr’d up a disagreeable sensation within me now; and i thought ’twas a churlish beast into whose heart the idea could first enter, to construct such a machine; nor had i much more charity for the man who could think of using it.
i observed the lady was as little taken with it as myself: so mons. dessein led us on to a couple of chaises which stood abreast, telling us, as he recommended them, that they had been purchased by my lord a. and b. to go the grand tour, but had gone no further than paris, so were in all respects as good as new. - they were too good; - so i pass’d on to a third, which stood behind, and forthwith begun to chaffer for the price. - but ’twill scarce hold two, said i, opening the door and getting in. - have the goodness, madame, said mons. dessein, offering his arm, to step in. - the lady hesitated half a second, and stepped in; and the waiter that moment beckoning to speak to mon. dessein, he shut the door of the chaise upon us, and left us.
the remise.  calais.
c’est bien comique, ’tis very droll, said the lady, smiling, from the reflection that this was the second time we a had been left together by a parcel of nonsensical contingencies, - c’est bien comique, said she. -
- there wants nothing, said i, to make it so but the comic use which the gallantry of a frenchman would put it to, - to make love the first moment, and an offer of his person the second.
’tis their fort, replied the lady.
it is supposed so at least; - and how it has come to pass, continued i, i know not; but they have certainly got the credit of understanding more of love, and making it better than any other nation upon earth; but, for my own part, i think them arrant bunglers, and in truth the worst set of marksmen that ever tried cupid’s patience.
- to think of making love by sentiments!
i should as soon think of making a genteel suit of clothes out of remnants: - and to do it - pop - at first sight, by declaration - is submitting the offer, and themselves with it, to be sifted with all their pours and contres, by an unheated mind.
the lady attended as if she expected i should go on.
consider then, madame, continued i, laying my hand upon hers:-
that grave people hate love for the name’s sake; -
that selfish people hate it for their own; -
hypocrites for heaven’s; -
and that all of us, both old and young, being ten times worse frightened than hurt by the very report, - what a want of knowledge in this branch of commence a man betrays, whoever lets the word come out of his lips, till an hour or two, at least, after the time that his silence upon it becomes tormenting.  a course of small, quiet attentions, not so pointed as to alarm, - nor so vague as to be misunderstood - with now and then a look of kindness, and little or nothing said upon it, - leaves nature for your mistress, and she fashions it to her mind. -
then i solemnly declare, said the lady, blushing, you have been making love to me all this while.
the remise.  calais.
monsieur dessein came back to let us out of the chaise, and acquaint the lady, the count de l-, her brother, was just arrived at the hotel.  though i had infinite good will for the lady, i cannot say that i rejoiced in my heart at the event - and could not help telling her so; - for it is fatal to a proposal, madame, said i, that i was going to make to you -
- you need not tell me what the proposal was, said she, laying her hand upon both mine, as she interrupted me. - a man my good sir, has seldom an offer of kindness to make to a woman, but she has a presentiment of it some moments before. -
nature arms her with it, said i, for immediate preservation. - but i think, said she, looking in my face, i had no evil to apprehend, - and, to deal frankly with you, had determined to accept it. - if i had - (she stopped a moment) - i believe your good will would have drawn a story from me, which would have made pity the only dangerous thing in the journey.
in saying this, she suffered me to kiss her hand twice, and with a look of sensibility mixed with concern, she got out of the chaise, - and bid adieu.
in the street.  calais.
i never finished a twelve guinea bargain so expeditiously in my life: my time seemed heavy, upon the loss of the lady, and knowing every moment of it would be as two, till i put myself into motion, - i ordered post horses directly, and walked towards the hotel.
lord! said i, hearing the town clock strike four, and recollecting that i had been little more than a single hour in calais, -
- what a large volume of adventures may be grasped within this little span of life by him who interests his heart in every thing, and who, having eyes to see what time and chance are perpetually holding out to him as he journeyeth on his way, misses nothing he can fairly lay his hands on!
- if this won’t turn out something, - another will; - no matter, - ’tis an assay upon human nature - i get my labour for my pains, - ’tis enough; - the pleasure of the experiment has kept my senses and the best part of my blood awake, and laid the gross to sleep.
i pity the man who can travel from dan to beersheba, and cry, ’tis all barren; - and so it is: and so is all the world to him who will not cultivate the fruits it offers.  i declare, said i, clapping my hands cheerily together, that were i in a desert, i would find out wherewith in it to call forth my affections: - if i could not do better, i would fasten them upon some sweet myrtle, or seek some melancholy cypress to connect myself to; - i would court their shade, and greet them kindly for their protection. - i would cut my name upon them, and swear they were the loveliest trees throughout the desert: if their leaves wither’d, i would teach myself to mourn; and, when they rejoiced, i would rejoice along with them.
the learned smelfungus travelled from boulogne to paris, - from paris to rome, - and so on; - but he set out with the spleen and jaundice, and every object he pass’d by was discoloured or distorted. - he wrote an account of them, but ’twas nothing but the account of his miserable feelings.
i met smelfungus in the grand portico of the pantheon: - he was just coming out of it. - ’tis nothing but a huge cockpit, said he: - i wish you had said nothing worse of the venus of medicis, replied i; - for in passing through florence, i had heard he had fallen foul upon the goddess, and used her worse than a common strumpet, without the least provocation in nature.
i popp’d upon smelfungus again at turin, in his return home; and a sad tale of sorrowful adventures had he to tell, “wherein he spoke of moving accidents by flood and field, and of the cannibals that each other eat: the anthropophagi:” - he had been flayed alive, and bedevil’d, and used worse than st. bartholomew, at every stage he had come at. -
- i’ll tell it, cried smelfungus, to the world.  you had better tell it, said i, to your physician.
mundungus, with an immense fortune, made the whole tour; going on from rome to naples, - from naples to venice, - from venice to vienna, - to dresden, to berlin, without one generous connection or pleasurable anecdote to tell of; but he had travell’d straight on, looking neither to his right hand nor his left, lest love or pity should seduce him out of his road.
peace be to them! if it is to be found; but heaven itself, were it possible to get there with such tempers, would want objects to give it; every gentle spirit would come flying upon the wings of love to hail their arrival. - nothing would the souls of smelfungus and mundungus hear of, but fresh anthems of joy, fresh raptures of love, and fresh congratulations of their common felicity. - i heartily pity them; they have brought up no faculties for this work; and, were the happiest mansion in heaven to be allotted to smelfungus and mundungus, they would be so far from being happy, that the souls of smelfungus and mundungus would do penance there to all eternity!
montreuil.
i had once lost my portmanteau from behind my chaise, and twice got out in the rain, and one of the times up to the knees in dirt, to help the postilion to tie it on, without being able to find out what was wanting. - nor was it till i got to montreuil, upon the landlord’s asking me if i wanted not a servant, that it occurred to me, that that was the very thing.
a servant!  that i do most sadly, quoth i. - because, monsieur, said the landlord, there is a clever young fellow, who would be very proud of the honour to serve an englishman. - but why an english one, more than any other? - they are so generous, said the landlord. - i’ll be shot if this is not a livre out of my pocket, quoth i to myself, this very night. - but they have wherewithal to be so, monsieur, added he. - set down one livre more for that, quoth i. - it was but last night, said the landlord, qu’un milord anglois présentoit un écu à la fille de chambre. - tant pis pour mademoiselle janatone, said i.
now janatone, being the landlord’s daughter, and the landlord supposing i was young in french, took the liberty to inform me, i should not have said tant pis - but, tant mieux.  tant mieux, toujours, monsieur, said he, when there is any thing to be got - tant pis, when there is nothing.  it comes to the same thing, said i.  pardonnez-moi, said the landlord.
i cannot take a fitter opportunity to observe, once for all, that tant pis and tant mieux, being two of the great hinges in french conversation, a stranger would do well to set himself right in the use of them, before he gets to paris.
a prompt french marquis at our ambassador’s table demanded of mr. h-, if he was h- the poet?  no, said mr. h-, mildly. - tant pis, replied the marquis.
it is h- the historian, said another, - tant mieux, said the marquis.  and mr. h-, who is a man of an excellent heart, return’d thanks for both.
when the landlord had set me right in this matter, he called in la fleur, which was the name of the young man he had spoke of, - saying only first, that as for his talents he would presume to say nothing, - monsieur was the best judge what would suit him; but for the fidelity of la fleur he would stand responsible in all he was worth.
the landlord deliver’d this in a manner which instantly set my mind to the business i was upon; - and la fleur, who stood waiting without, in that breathless expectation which every son of nature of us have felt in our turns, came in.
montreuil.
i am apt to be taken with all kinds of people at first sight; but never more so than when a poor devil comes to offer his service to so poor a devil as myself; and as i know this weakness, i always suffer my judgment to draw back something on that very account, - and this more or less, according to the mood i am in, and the case; - and i may add, the gender too, of the person i am to govern.
when la fleur entered the room, after every discount i could make for my soul, the genuine look and air of the fellow determined the matter at once in his favour; so i hired him first, - and then began to enquire what he could do: but i shall find out his talents, quoth i, as i want them, - besides, a frenchman can do every thing.
now poor la fleur could do nothing in the world but beat a drum, and play a march or two upon the fife.  i was determined to make his talents do; and can’t say my weakness was ever so insulted by my wisdom as in the attempt.
la fleur had set out early in life, as gallantly as most frenchmen do, with serving for a few years; at the end of which, having satisfied the sentiment, and found, moreover, that the honour of beating a drum was likely to be its own reward, as it open’d no further track of glory to him, - he retired à ses terres, and lived comme il plaisoit à dieu; - that is to say, upon nothing.
- and so, quoth wisdom, you have hired a drummer to attend you in this tour of yours through france and italy! - psha! said i, and do not one half of our gentry go with a humdrum compagnon du voyage the same round, and have the piper and the devil and all to pay besides?  when man can extricate himself with an équivoque in such an unequal match, - he is not ill off. - but you can do something else, la fleur? said i. - o qu’oui! he could make spatterdashes, and play a little upon the fiddle. - bravo! said wisdom. - why, i play a bass myself, said i; - we shall do very well.  you can shave, and dress a wig a little, la fleur? - he had all the dispositions in the world. - it is enough for heaven! said i, interrupting him, - and ought to be enough for me. - so, supper coming in, and having a frisky english spaniel on one side of my chair, and a french valet, with as much hilarity in his countenance as ever nature painted in one, on the other, - i was satisfied to my heart’s content with my empire; and if monarchs knew what they would be at, they might be as satisfied as i was.
montreuil.
as la fleur went the whole tour of france and italy with me, and will be often upon the stage, i must interest the reader a little further in his behalf, by saying, that i had never less reason to repent of the impulses which generally do determine me, than in regard to this fellow; - he was a faithful, affectionate, simple soul as ever trudged after the heels of a philosopher; and, notwithstanding his talents of drum beating and spatterdash-making, which, though very good in themselves, happened to be of no great service to me, yet was i hourly recompensed by the festivity of his temper; - it supplied all defects: - i had a constant resource in his looks in all difficulties and distresses of my own - i was going to have added of his too; but la fleur was out of the reach of every thing; for, whether ’twas hunger or thirst, or cold or nakedness, or watchings, or whatever stripes of ill luck la fleur met with in our journeyings, there was no index in his physiognomy to point them out by, - he was eternally the same; so that if i am a piece of a philosopher, which satan now and then puts it into my head i am, - it always mortifies the pride of the conceit, by reflecting how much i owe to the complexional philosophy of this poor fellow, for shaming me into one of a better kind.  with all this, la fleur had a small cast of the coxcomb, - but he seemed at first sight to be more a coxcomb of nature than of art; and, before i had been three days in paris with him, - he seemed to be no coxcomb at all.
montreuil.
the next morning, la fleur entering upon his employment, i delivered to him the key of my portmanteau, with an inventory of my half a dozen shirts and silk pair of breeches, and bid him fasten all upon the chaise, - get the horses put to, - and desire the landlord to come in with his bill.
c’est un garcon de bonne fortune, said the landlord, pointing through the window to half a dozen wenches who had got round about la fleur, and were most kindly taking their leave of him, as the postilion was leading out the horses.  la fleur kissed all their hands round and round again, and thrice he wiped his eyes, and thrice he promised he would bring them all pardons from rome.
- the young fellow, said the landlord, is beloved by all the town, and there is scarce a corner in montreuil where the want of him will not be felt: he has but one misfortune in the world, continued he, “he is always in love.” - i am heartily glad of it, said i, - ’twill save me the trouble every night of putting my breeches under my head.  in saying this, i was making not so much la fleur’s eloge as my own, having been in love with one princess or another almost all my life, and i hope i shall go on so till i die, being firmly persuaded, that if ever i do a mean action, it must be in some interval betwixt one passion and another: whilst this interregnum lasts, i always perceive my heart locked up, - i can scarce find in it to give misery a sixpence; and therefore i always get out of it as fast as i can - and the moment i am rekindled, i am all generosity and good-will again; and would do anything in the world, either for or with any one, if they will but satisfy me there is no sin in it.
- but in saying this, - sure i am commanding the passion, - not myself.
a fragment.
- the town of abdera, notwithstanding democritus lived there, trying all the powers of irony and laughter to reclaim it, was the vilest and most profligate town in all thrace.  what for poisons, conspiracies, and assassinations, - libels, pasquinades, and tumults, there was no going there by day - ’twas worse by night.
now, when things were at the worst, it came to pass that the andromeda of euripides being represented at abdera, the whole orchestra was delighted with it: but of all the passages which delighted them, nothing operated more upon their imaginations than the tender strokes of nature which the poet had wrought up in that pathetic speech of perseus, o cupid, prince of gods and men! &c.  every man almost spoke pure iambics the next day, and talked of nothing but perseus his pathetic address, - “o cupid! prince of gods and men!” - in every street of abdera, in every house, “o cupid!  cupid!” - in every mouth, like the natural notes of some sweet melody which drop from it, whether it will or no, - nothing but “cupid! cupid! prince of gods and men!” - the fire caught - and the whole city, like the heart of one man, open’d itself to love.
no pharmacopolist could sell one grain of hellebore, - not a single armourer had a heart to forge one instrument of death; - friendship and virtue met together, and kiss’d each other in the street; the golden age returned, and hung over the town of abdera - every abderite took his eaten pipe, and every abderitish woman left her purple web, and chastely sat her down and listened to the song.
’twas only in the power, says the fragment, of the god whose empire extendeth from heaven to earth, and even to the depths of the sea, to have done this.
montreuil.
when all is ready, and every article is disputed and paid for in the inn, unless you are a little sour’d by the adventure, there is always a matter to compound at the door, before you can get into your chaise; and that is with the sons and daughters of poverty, who surround you.  let no man say, “let them go to the devil!” - ’tis a cruel journey to send a few miserables, and they have had sufferings enow without it: i always think it better to take a few sous out in my hand; and i would counsel every gentle traveller to do so likewise: he need not be so exact in setting down his motives for giving them; - they will be registered elsewhere.
for my own part, there is no man gives so little as i do; for few, that i know, have so little to give; but as this was the first public act of my charity in france, i took the more notice of it.
a well-a-way! said i, - i have but eight sous in the world, showing them in my hand, and there are eight poor men and eight poor women for ’em.
a poor tatter’d soul, without a shirt on, instantly withdrew his claim, by retiring two steps out of the circle, and making a disqualifying bow on his part.  had the whole parterre cried out, place aux dames, with one voice, it would not have conveyed the sentiment of a deference for the sex with half the effect.
just heaven! for what wise reasons hast thou ordered it, that beggary and urbanity, which are at such variance in other countries, should find a way to be at unity in this?
- i insisted upon presenting him with a single sous, merely for his politesse.
a poor little dwarfish brisk fellow, who stood over against me in the circle, putting something first under his arm, which had once been a hat, took his snuff-box out of his pocket, and generously offer’d a pinch on both sides of him: it was a gift of consequence, and modestly declined.  - the poor little fellow pressed it upon them with a nod of welcomeness. - prenez en - prenez, said he, looking another way; so they each took a pinch. - pity thy box should ever want one! said i to myself; so i put a couple of sous into it - taking a small pinch out of his box, to enhance their value, as i did it.  he felt the weight of the second obligation more than of the first, - ’twas doing him an honour, - the other was only doing him a charity; - and he made me a bow down to the ground for it.
- here! said i to an old soldier with one hand, who had been campaigned and worn out to death in the service - here’s a couple of sous for thee. - vive le roi! said the old soldier.
i had then but three sous left: so i gave one, simply, pour l’amour de dieu, which was the footing on which it was begg’d. - the poor woman had a dislocated hip; so it could not be well upon any other motive.
mon cher et très-charitable monsieur. - there’s no opposing this, said i.
milord anglois - the very sound was worth the money; - so i gave my last sous for it.  but in the eagerness of giving, i had overlooked a pauvre honteux, who had had no one to ask a sous for him, and who, i believe, would have perished, ere he could have ask’d one for himself: he stood by the chaise a little without the circle, and wiped a tear from a face which i thought had seen better days. - good god! said i - and i have not one single sous left to give him. - but you have a thousand! cried all the powers of nature, stirring within me; - so i gave him - no matter what - i am ashamed to say how much now, - and was ashamed to think how little, then: so, if the reader can form any conjecture of my disposition, as these two fixed points are given him, he may judge within a livre or two what was the precise sum.
i could afford nothing for the rest, but dieu vous bénisse!
- et le bon dieu vous bénisse encore, said the old soldier, the dwarf, &c.  the pauvre honteux could say nothing; - he pull’d out a little handkerchief, and wiped his face as he turned away - and i thought he thanked me more than them all.
the bidet.
having settled all these little matters, i got into my post-chaise with more ease than ever i got into a post-chaise in my life; and la fleur having got one large jack-boot on the far side of a little bidet, and another on this (for i count nothing of his legs) - he canter’d away before me as happy and as perpendicular as a prince. - but what is happiness! what is grandeur in this painted scene of life!  a dead ass, before we had got a league, put a sudden stop to la fleur’s career; - his bidet would not pass by it, - a contention arose betwixt them, and the poor fellow was kick’d out of his jack-boots the very first kick.
la fleur bore his fall like a french christian, saying neither more nor less upon it, than diable!  so presently got up, and came to the charge again astride his bidet, beating him up to it as he would have beat his drum.
the bidet flew from one side of the road to the other, then back again, - then this way, then that way, and in short, every way but by the dead ass: - la fleur insisted upon the thing - and the bidet threw him.
what’s the matter, la fleur, said i, with this bidet of thine?  monsieur, said he, c’est un cheval le plus opiniâtre du monde. - nay, if he is a conceited beast, he must go his own way, replied i.  so la fleur got off him, and giving him a good sound lash, the bidet took me at my word, and away he scampered back to montreuil. - peste! said la fleur.
it is not mal-à-propos to take notice here, that though la fleur availed himself but of two different terms of exclamation in this encounter, - namely, diable! and peste! that there are, nevertheless, three in the french language: like the positive, comparative, and superlative, one or the other of which serves for every unexpected throw of the dice in life.
le diable! which is the first, and positive degree, is generally used upon ordinary emotions of the mind, where small things only fall out contrary to your expectations; such as - the throwing once doublets - la fleur’s being kick’d off his horse, and so forth. - cuckoldom, for the same reason, is always - le diable!
but, in cases where the cast has something provoking in it, as in that of the bidet’s running away after, and leaving la fleur aground in jack-boots, - ’tis the second degree.
’tis then peste!
and for the third -
- but here my heart is wrung with pity and fellow feeling, when i reflect what miseries must have been their lot, and how bitterly so refined a people must have smarted, to have forced them upon the use of it. -
grant me, o ye powers which touch the tongue with eloquence in distress! - what ever is my cast, grant me but decent words to exclaim in, and i will give my nature way.
- but as these were not to be had in france, i resolved to take every evil just as it befell me, without any exclamation at all.
la fleur, who had made no such covenant with himself, followed the bidet with his eyes till it was got out of sight, - and then, you may imagine, if you please, with what word he closed the whole affair.
as there was no hunting down a frightened horse in jack-boots, there remained no alternative but taking la fleur either behind the chaise, or into it. -
i preferred the latter, and in half an hour we got to the post-house at nampont.
nampont.  the dead ass.
- and this, said he, putting the remains of a crust into his wallet - and this should have been thy portion, said he, hadst thou been alive to have shared it with me. - i thought, by the accent, it had been an apostrophe to his child; but ’twas to his ass, and to the very ass we had seen dead in the road, which had occasioned la fleur’s misadventure.  the man seemed to lament it much; and it instantly brought into my mind sancho’s lamentation for his; but he did it with more true touches of nature.
the mourner was sitting upon a stone bench at the door, with the ass’s pannel and its bridle on one side, which he took up from time to time, - then laid them down, - look’d at them, and shook his head.  he then took his crust of bread out of his wallet again, as if to eat it; held it some time in his hand, - then laid it upon the bit of his ass’s bridle, - looked wistfully at the little arrangement he had made - and then gave a sigh.
the simplicity of his grief drew numbers about him, and la fleur amongst the rest, whilst the horses were getting ready; as i continued sitting in the post-chaise, i could see and hear over their heads.
- he said he had come last from spain, where he had been from the furthest borders of franconia; and had got so far on his return home, when his ass died.  every one seemed desirous to know what business could have taken so old and poor a man so far a journey from his own home.
it had pleased heaven, he said, to bless him with three sons, the finest lads in germany; but having in one week lost two of the eldest of them by the small-pox, and the youngest falling ill of the same distemper, he was afraid of being bereft of them all; and made a vow, if heaven would not take him from him also, he would go in gratitude to st. iago in spain.
when the mourner got thus far on his story, he stopp’d to pay nature her tribute, - and wept bitterly.
he said, heaven had accepted the conditions; and that he had set out from his cottage with this poor creature, who had been a patient partner of his journey; - that it had eaten the same bread with him all the way, and was unto him as a friend.
every body who stood about, heard the poor fellow with concern. - la fleur offered him money. - the mourner said he did not want it; - it was not the value of the ass - but the loss of him. - the ass, he said, he was assured, loved him; - and upon this told them a long story of a mischance upon their passage over the pyrenean mountains, which had separated them from each other three days; during which time the ass had sought him as much as he had sought the ass, and that they had scarce either eaten or drank till they met.
thou hast one comfort, friend, said i, at least, in the loss of thy poor beast; i’m sure thou hast been a merciful master to him. - alas! said the mourner, i thought so when he was alive; - but now that he is dead, i think otherwise. - i fear the weight of myself and my afflictions together have been too much for him, - they have shortened the poor creature’s days, and i fear i have them to answer for. - shame on the world! said i to myself. - did we but love each other as this poor soul loved his ass - ’twould be something. -
nampont.  the postilion.
the concern which the poor fellow’s story threw me into required some attention; the postilion paid not the least to it, but set off upon the pavé in a full gallop.
the thirstiest soul in the most sandy desert of arabia could not have wished more for a cup of cold water, than mine did for grave and quiet movements; and i should have had an high opinion of the postilion had he but stolen off with me in something like a pensive pace. - on the contrary, as the mourner finished his lamentation, the fellow gave an unfeeling lash to each of his beasts, and set off clattering like a thousand devils.
i called to him as loud as i could, for heaven’s sake to go slower: - and the louder i called, the more unmercifully he galloped. - the deuce take him and his galloping too - said i, - he’ll go on tearing my nerves to pieces till he has worked me into a foolish passion, and then he’ll go slow that i may enjoy the sweets of it.
the postilion managed the point to a miracle: by the time he had got to the foot of a steep hill, about half a league from nampont, - he had put me out of temper with him, - and then with myself, for being so.
my case then required a different treatment; and a good rattling gallop would have been of real service to me. -
- then, prithee, get on - get on, my good lad, said i.
the postilion pointed to the hill. - i then tried to return back to the story of the poor german and his ass - but i had broke the clue, - and could no more get into it again, than the postilion could into a trot.
- the deuce go, said i, with it all!  here am i sitting as candidly disposed to make the best of the worst, as ever wight was, and all runs counter.
there is one sweet lenitive at least for evils, which nature holds out to us: so i took it kindly at her hands, and fell asleep; and the first word which roused me was amiens.
- bless me! said i, rubbing my eyes, - this is the very town where my poor lady is to come.
amiens.
the words were scarce out of my mouth when the count de l-’s post-chaise, with his sister in it, drove hastily by: she had just time to make me a bow of recognition, - and of that particular kind of it, which told me she had not yet done with me.  she was as good as her look; for, before i had quite finished my supper, her brother’s servant came into the room with a billet, in which she said she had taken the liberty to charge me with a letter, which i was to present myself to madame r- the first morning i had nothing to do at paris.  there was only added, she was sorry, but from what penchant she had not considered, that she had been prevented telling me her story, - that she still owed it to me; and if my route should ever lay through brussels, and i had not by then forgot the name of madame de l-, - that madame de l- would be glad to discharge her obligation.
then i will meet thee, said i, fair spirit! at brussels; - ’tis only returning from italy through germany to holland, by the route of flanders, home; - ’twill scarce be ten posts out of my way; but, were it ten thousand! with what a moral delight will it crown my journey, in sharing in the sickening incidents of a tale of misery told to me by such a sufferer?  to see her weep! and, though i cannot dry up the fountain of her tears, what an exquisite sensation is there still left, in wiping them away from off the cheeks of the first and fairest of women, as i’m sitting with my handkerchief in my hand in silence the whole night beside her?
there was nothing wrong in the sentiment; and yet i instantly reproached my heart with it in the bitterest and most reprobate of expressions.
it had ever, as i told the reader, been one of the singular blessings of my life, to be almost every hour of it miserably in love with some one; and my last flame happening to be blown out by a whiff of jealousy on the sudden turn of a corner, i had lighted it up afresh at the pure taper of eliza but about three months before, - swearing, as i did it, that it should last me through the whole journey. - why should i dissemble the matter?  i had sworn to her eternal fidelity; - she had a right to my whole heart: - to divide my affections was to lessen them; - to expose them was to risk them: where there is risk there may be loss: - and what wilt thou have, yorick, to answer to a heart so full of trust and confidence - so good, so gentle, and unreproaching!
- i will not go to brussels, replied i, interrupting myself. - but my imagination went on, - i recalled her looks at that crisis of our separation, when neither of us had power to say adieu!  i look’d at the picture she had tied in a black riband about my neck, - and blush’d as i look’d at it. - i would have given the world to have kiss’d it, - but was ashamed. - and shall this tender flower, said i, pressing it between my hands, - shall it be smitten to its very root, - and smitten, yorick! by thee, who hast promised to shelter it in thy breast?
eternal fountain of happiness! said i, kneeling down upon the ground, - be thou my witness - and every pure spirit which tastes it, be my witness also, that i would not travel to brussels, unless eliza went along with me, did the road lead me towards heaven!
in transports of this kind, the heart, in spite of the understanding, will always say too much.
the letter.  amiens.
fortune had not smiled upon la fleur; for he had been unsuccessful in his feats of chivalry, - and not one thing had offered to signalise his zeal for my service from the time that he had entered into it, which was almost four-and-twenty hours.  the poor soul burn’d with impatience; and the count de l-’s servant coming with the letter, being the first practicable occasion which offer’d, la fleur had laid hold of it; and, in order to do honour to his master, had taken him into a back parlour in the auberge, and treated him with a cup or two of the best wine in picardy; and the count de l-’s servant, in return, and not to be behindhand in politeness with la fleur, had taken him back with him to the count’s hotel.  la fleur’s prevenancy (for there was a passport in his very looks) soon set every servant in the kitchen at ease with him; and as a frenchman, whatever be his talents, has no sort of prudery in showing them, la fleur, in less than five minutes, had pulled out his fife, and leading off the dance himself with the first note, set the fille de chambre, the maître d’hôtel, the cook, the scullion, and all the house-hold, dogs and cats, besides an old monkey, a dancing: i suppose there never was a merrier kitchen since the flood.
madame de l-, in passing from her brother’s apartments to her own, hearing so much jollity below stairs, rung up her fille de chambre to ask about it; and, hearing it was the english gentleman’s servant, who had set the whole house merry with his pipe, she ordered him up.
as the poor fellow could not present himself empty, he had loaded himself in going up stairs with a thousand compliments to madame de l-, on the part of his master, - added a long apocrypha of inquiries after madame de l-’s health, - told her, that monsieur his master was au désespoire for her re-establishment from the fatigues of her journey, - and, to close all, that monsieur had received the letter which madame had done him the honour - and he has done me the honour, said madame de l-, interrupting la fleur, to send a billet in return.
madame de l- had said this with such a tone of reliance upon the fact, that la fleur had not power to disappoint her expectations; - he trembled for my honour, - and possibly might not altogether be unconcerned for his own, as a man capable of being attached to a master who could be wanting en égards vis à vis d’une femme! so that when madame de l- asked la fleur if he had brought a letter, - o qu’oui, said la fleur: so laying down his hat upon the ground, and taking hold of the flap of his right side pocket with his left hand, he began to search for the letter with his right; - then contrariwise. - diable! then sought every pocket - pocket by pocket, round, not forgetting his fob: - peste! - then la fleur emptied them upon the floor, - pulled out a dirty cravat, - a handkerchief, - a comb, - a whip lash, - a nightcap, - then gave a peep into his hat, - quelle étourderie!  he had left the letter upon the table in the auberge; - he would run for it, and be back with it in three minutes.
i had just finished my supper when la fleur came in to give me an account of his adventure: he told the whole story simply as it was: and only added that if monsieur had forgot (par hazard) to answer madame’s letter, the arrangement gave him an opportunity to recover the faux pas; - and if not, that things were only as they were.
now i was not altogether sure of my étiquette, whether i ought to have wrote or no; - but if i had, - a devil himself could not have been angry: ’twas but the officious zeal of a well meaning creature for my honour; and, however he might have mistook the road, - or embarrassed me in so doing, - his heart was in no fault, - i was under no necessity to write; - and, what weighed more than all, - he did not look as if he had done amiss.
- ’tis all very well, la fleur, said i. - ’twas sufficient.  la fleur flew out of the room like lightning, and returned with pen, ink, and paper, in his hand; and, coming up to the table, laid them close before me, with such a delight in his countenance, that i could not help taking up the pen.
i began and began again; and, though i had nothing to say, and that nothing might have been expressed in half a dozen lines, i made half a dozen different beginnings, and could no way please myself.
in short, i was in no mood to write.
la fleur stepp’d out and brought a little water in a glass to dilute my ink, - then fetch’d sand and seal-wax. - it was all one; i wrote, and blotted, and tore off, and burnt, and wrote again. - le diable l’emporte! said i, half to myself, - i cannot write this self-same letter, throwing the pen down despairingly as i said it.
as soon as i had cast down my pen, la fleur advanced with the most respectful carriage up to the table, and making a thousand apologies for the liberty he was going to take, told me he had a letter in his pocket wrote by a drummer in his regiment to a corporal’s wife, which he durst say would suit the occasion.
i had a mind to let the poor fellow have his humour. - then prithee, said i, let me see it.
la fleur instantly pulled out a little dirty pocket book cramm’d full of small letters and billet-doux in a sad condition, and laying it upon the table, and then untying the string which held them all together, run them over, one by one, till he came to the letter in question, - la voila! said he, clapping his hands: so, unfolding it first, he laid it open before me, and retired three steps from the table whilst i read it.
the letter.
madame,
je suis pénétré de la douleur la plus vive, et réduit en même temps au désespoir par ce retour imprévù du caporal qui rend notre entrevûe de ce soir la chose du monde la plus impossible.
mais vive la joie! et toute la mienne sera de penser à vous.
l’amour n’est rien sans sentiment.
et le sentiment est encore moins sans amour.
on dit qu’on ne doit jamais se désesperér.
on dit aussi que monsieur le caporal monte la garde mercredi: alors ce cera mon tour.
chacun à son tour.
en attendant - vive l’amour! et vive la bagatelle!
je suis, madame,
avec tous les sentimens les plus respectueux et les plus tendres,
tout à vous,
jaques roque.
it was but changing the corporal into the count, - and saying nothing about mounting guard on wednesday, - and the letter was neither right nor wrong: - so, to gratify the poor fellow, who stood trembling for my honour, his own, and the honour of his letter, - i took the cream gently off it, and whipping it up in my own way, i seal’d it up and sent him with it to madame de l-; - and the next morning we pursued our journey to paris.
paris.
when a man can contest the point by dint of equipage, and carry all on floundering before him with half a dozen of lackies and a couple of cooks - ’tis very well in such a place as paris, - he may drive in at which end of a street he will.
a poor prince who is weak in cavalry, and whose whole infantry does not exceed a single man, had best quit the field, and signalize himself in the cabinet, if he can get up into it; - i say up into it - for there is no descending perpendicular amongst ’em with a “me voici! mes enfans” - here i am - whatever many may think.
i own my first sensations, as soon as i was left solitary and alone in my own chamber in the hotel, were far from being so flattering as i had prefigured them.  i walked up gravely to the window in my dusty black coat, and looking through the glass saw all the world in yellow, blue, and green, running at the ring of pleasure. - the old with broken lances, and in helmets which had lost their vizards; - the young in armour bright which shone like gold, beplumed with each gay feather of the east, - all, - all, tilting at it like fascinated knights in tournaments of yore for fame and love. -
alas, poor yorick! cried i, what art thou doing here?  on the very first onset of all this glittering clatter thou art reduced to an atom; - seek, - seek some winding alley, with a tourniquet at the end of it, where chariot never rolled or flambeau shot its rays; - there thou mayest solace thy soul in converse sweet with some kind grisette of a barber’s wife, and get into such coteries! -
- may i perish! if i do, said i, pulling out the letter which i had to present to madame de r-  - i’ll wait upon this lady, the very first thing i do.  so i called la fleur to go seek me a barber directly, - and come back and brush my coat.
the wig.  paris.
when the barber came, he absolutely refused to have any thing to do with my wig: ’twas either above or below his art: i had nothing to do but to take one ready made of his own recommendation.
- but i fear, friend! said i, this buckle won’t stand. - you may emerge it, replied he, into the ocean, and it will stand. -
what a great scale is every thing upon in this city thought i. - the utmost stretch of an english periwig-maker’s ideas could have gone no further than to have “dipped it into a pail of water.” - what difference! ’tis like time to eternity!
i confess i do hate all cold conceptions, as i do the puny ideas which engender them; and am generally so struck with the great works of nature, that for my own part, if i could help it, i never would make a comparison less than a mountain at least.  all that can be said against the french sublime, in this instance of it, is this: - that the grandeur is more in the word, and less in the thing.  no doubt, the ocean fills the mind with vast ideas; but paris being so far inland, it was not likely i should run post a hundred miles out of it, to try the experiment; - the parisian barber meant nothing. -
the pail of water standing beside the great deep, makes, certainly, but a sorry figure in speech; - but, ’twill be said, - it has one advantage - ’tis in the next room, and the truth of the buckle may be tried in it, without more ado, in a single moment.
in honest truth, and upon a more candid revision of the matter, the french expression professes more than it performs.
i think i can see the precise and distinguishing marks of national characters more in these nonsensical minutiae than in the most important matters of state; where great men of all nations talk and stalk so much alike, that i would not give ninepence to choose amongst them.
i was so long in getting from under my barber’s hands, that it was too late to think of going with my letter to madame r- that night: but when a man is once dressed at all points for going out, his reflections turn to little account; so taking down the name of the hôtel de modene, where i lodged, i walked forth without any determination where to go; - i shall consider of that, said i, as i walk along.
the pulse.  paris.
hail, ye small sweet courtesies of life, for smooth do ye make the road of it! like grace and beauty, which beget inclinations to love at first sight: ’tis ye who open this door and let the stranger in.
- pray, madame, said i, have the goodness to tell me which way i must turn to go to the opéra comique? - most willingly, monsieur, said she, laying aside her work. -
i had given a cast with my eye into half a dozen shops, as i came along, in search of a face not likely to be disordered by such an interruption: till at last, this, hitting my fancy, i had walked in.
she was working a pair of ruffles, as she sat in a low chair, on the far side of the shop, facing the door.
- tres volontiers, most willingly, said she, laying her work down upon a chair next her, and rising up from the low chair she was sitting in, with so cheerful a movement, and so cheerful a look, that had i been laying out fifty louis d’ors with her, i should have said - “this woman is grateful.”
you must turn, monsieur, said she, going with me to the door of the shop, and pointing the way down the street i was to take, - you must turn first to your left hand, - mais prenez garde - there are two turns; and be so good as to take the second - then go down a little way and you’ll see a church: and, when you are past it, give yourself the trouble to turn directly to the right, and that will lead you to the foot of the pont neuf, which you must cross - and there any one will do himself the pleasure to show you. -
she repeated her instructions three times over to me, with the same goodnatur’d patience the third time as the first; - and if tones and manners have a meaning, which certainly they have, unless to hearts which shut them out, - she seemed really interested that i should not lose myself.
i will not suppose it was the woman’s beauty, notwithstanding she was the handsomest grisette, i think, i ever saw, which had much to do with the sense i had of her courtesy; only i remember, when i told her how much i was obliged to her, that i looked very full in her eyes, - and that i repeated my thanks as often as she had done her instructions.
i had not got ten paces from the door, before i found i had forgot every tittle of what she had said; - so looking back, and seeing her still standing in the door of the shop, as if to look whether i went right or not, - i returned back to ask her, whether the first turn was to my right or left, - for that i had absolutely forgot. - is it possible! said she, half laughing.  ’tis very possible, replied i, when a man is thinking more of a woman than of her good advice.
as this was the real truth - she took it, as every woman takes a matter of right, with a slight curtsey.
- attendez! said she, laying her hand upon my arm to detain me, whilst she called a lad out of the back shop to get ready a parcel of gloves.  i am just going to send him, said she, with a packet into that quarter, and if you will have the complaisance to step in, it will be ready in a moment, and he shall attend you to the place. - so i walk’d in with her to the far side of the shop: and taking up the ruffle in my hand which she laid upon the chair, as if i had a mind to sit, she sat down herself in her low chair, and i instantly sat myself down beside her.
- he will be ready, monsieur, said she, in a moment. - and in that moment, replied i, most willingly would i say something very civil to you for all these courtesies.  any one may do a casual act of good nature, but a continuation of them shows it is a part of the temperature; and certainly, added i, if it is the same blood which comes from the heart which descends to the extremes (touching her wrist) i am sure you must have one of the best pulses of any woman in the world. - feel it, said she, holding out her arm.  so laying down my hat, i took hold of her fingers in one hand, and applied the two forefingers of my other to the artery. -
- would to heaven! my dear eugenius, thou hadst passed by, and beheld me sitting in my black coat, and in my lack-a-day-sical manner, counting the throbs of it, one by one, with as much true devotion as if i had been watching the critical ebb or flow of her fever. - how wouldst thou have laugh’d and moralized upon my new profession! - and thou shouldst have laugh’d and moralized on. - trust me, my dear eugenius, i should have said, “there are worse occupations in this world than feeling a woman’s pulse.” - but a grisette’s! thou wouldst have said, - and in an open shop!  yorick -
- so much the better: for when my views are direct, eugenius, i care not if all the world saw me feel it.
the husband.  paris.
i had counted twenty pulsations, and was going on fast towards the fortieth, when her husband, coming unexpected from a back parlour into the shop, put me a little out of my reckoning. - ’twas nobody but her husband, she said; - so i began a fresh score. - monsieur is so good, quoth she, as he pass’d by us, as to give himself the trouble of feeling my pulse. - the husband took off his hat, and making me a bow, said, i did him too much honour - and having said that, he put on his hat and walk’d out.
good god! said i to myself, as he went out, - and can this man be the husband of this woman!
let it not torment the few who know what must have been the grounds of this exclamation, if i explain it to those who do not.
in london a shopkeeper and a shopkeeper’s wife seem to be one bone and one flesh: in the several endowments of mind and body, sometimes the one, sometimes the other has it, so as, in general, to be upon a par, and totally with each other as nearly as man and wife need to do.
in paris, there are scarce two orders of beings more different: for the legislative and executive powers of the shop not resting in the husband, he seldom comes there: - in some dark and dismal room behind, he sits commerce-less, in his thrum nightcap, the same rough son of nature that nature left him.
the genius of a people, where nothing but the monarchy is salique, having ceded this department, with sundry others, totally to the women, - by a continual higgling with customers of all ranks and sizes from morning to night, like so many rough pebbles shook long together in a bag, by amicable collisions they have worn down their asperities and sharp angles, and not only become round and smooth, but will receive, some of them, a polish like a brilliant: - monsieur le mari is little better than the stone under your foot.
- surely, - surely, man! it is not good for thee to sit alone: - thou wast made for social intercourse and gentle greetings; and this improvement of our natures from it i appeal to as my evidence.
- and how does it beat, monsieur? said she. - with all the benignity, said i, looking quietly in her eyes, that i expected. - she was going to say something civil in return - but the lad came into the shop with the gloves. - á propos, said i, i want a couple of pairs myself.
the gloves.  paris.
the beautiful grisette rose up when i said this, and going behind the counter, reach’d down a parcel and untied it: i advanced to the side over against her: they were all too large.  the beautiful grisette measured them one by one across my hand. - it would not alter their dimensions. - she begg’d i would try a single pair, which seemed to be the least. - she held it open; - my hand slipped into it at once. - it will not do, said i, shaking my head a little. - no, said she, doing the same thing.
there are certain combined looks of simple subtlety, - where whim, and sense, and seriousness, and nonsense, are so blended, that all the languages of babel set loose together, could not express them; - they are communicated and caught so instantaneously, that you can scarce say which party is the infector.  i leave it to your men of words to swell pages about it - it is enough in the present to say again, the gloves would not do; so, folding our hands within our arms, we both lolled upon the counter - it was narrow, and there was just room for the parcel to lay between us.
the beautiful grisette looked sometimes at the gloves, then sideways to the window, then at the gloves, - and then at me.  i was not disposed to break silence: - i followed her example: so, i looked at the gloves, then to the window, then at the gloves, and then at her, - and so on alternately.
i found i lost considerably in every attack: - she had a quick black eye, and shot through two such long and silken eyelashes with such penetration, that she look’d into my very heart and reins. - it may seem strange, but i could actually feel she did. -
it is no matter, said i, taking up a couple of the pairs next me, and putting them into my pocket.
i was sensible the beautiful grisette had not asked above a single livre above the price. - i wish’d she had asked a livre more, and was puzzling my brains how to bring the matter about. - do you think, my dear sir, said she, mistaking my embarrassment, that i could ask a sous too much of a stranger - and of a stranger whose politeness, more than his want of gloves, has done me the honour to lay himself at my mercy? - m’en croyez capable? - faith! not i, said i; and if you were, you are welcome.  so counting the money into her hand, and with a lower bow than one generally makes to a shopkeeper’s wife, i went out, and her lad with his parcel followed me.
the translation.  paris.
there was nobody in the box i was let into but a kindly old french officer.  i love the character, not only because i honour the man whose manners are softened by a profession which makes bad men worse; but that i once knew one, - for he is no more, - and why should i not rescue one page from violation by writing his name in it, and telling the world it was captain tobias shandy, the dearest of my flock and friends, whose philanthropy i never think of at this long distance from his death - but my eyes gush out with tears.  for his sake i have a predilection for the whole corps of veterans; and so i strode over the two back rows of benches and placed myself beside him.
the old officer was reading attentively a small pamphlet, it might be the book of the opera, with a large pair of spectacles.  as soon as i sat down, he took his spectacles off, and putting them into a shagreen case, return’d them and the book into his pocket together.  i half rose up, and made him a bow.
translate this into any civilized language in the world - the sense is this:
“here’s a poor stranger come into the box - he seems as if he knew nobody; and is never likely, was he to be seven years in paris, if every man he comes near keeps his spectacles upon his nose: - ’tis shutting the door of conversation absolutely in his face - and using him worse than a german.”
the french officer might as well have said it all aloud: and if he had, i should in course have put the bow i made him into french too, and told him, “i was sensible of his attention, and return’d him a thousand thanks for it.”
there is not a secret so aiding to the progress of sociality, as to get master of this short hand, and to be quick in rendering the several turns of looks and limbs with all their inflections and delineations, into plain words.  for my own part, by long habitude, i do it so mechanically, that, when i walk the streets of london, i go translating all the way; and have more than once stood behind in the circle, where not three words have been said, and have brought off twenty different dialogues with me, which i could have fairly wrote down and sworn to.
i was going one evening to martini’s concert at milan, and, was just entering the door of the hall, when the marquisina di f- was coming out in a sort of a hurry: - she was almost upon me before i saw her; so i gave a spring to once side to let her pass. - she had done the same, and on the same side too; so we ran our heads together: she instantly got to the other side to get out: i was just as unfortunate as she had been, for i had sprung to that side, and opposed her passage again. - we both flew together to the other side, and then back, - and so on: - it was ridiculous: we both blush’d intolerably: so i did at last the thing i should have done at first; - i stood stock-still, and the marquisina had no more difficulty.  i had no power to go into the room, till i had made her so much reparation as to wait and follow her with my eye to the end of the passage.  she look’d back twice, and walk’d along it rather sideways, as if she would make room for any one coming up stairs to pass her. - no, said i - that’s a vile translation: the marquisina has a right to the best apology i can make her, and that opening is left for me to do it in; - so i ran and begg’d pardon for the embarrassment i had given her, saying it was my intention to have made her way.  she answered, she was guided by the same intention towards me; - so we reciprocally thank’d each other.  she was at the top of the stairs; and seeing no cicisbeo near her, i begg’d to hand her to her coach; - so we went down the stairs, stopping at every third step to talk of the concert and the adventure. - upon my word, madame, said i, when i had handed her in, i made six different efforts to let you go out. - and i made six efforts, replied she, to let you enter. - i wish to heaven you would make a seventh, said i. - with all my heart, said she, making room. - life is too short to be long about the forms of it, - so i instantly stepp’d in, and she carried me home with her. - and what became of the concert, st. cecilia, who i suppose was at it, knows more than i.
i will only add, that the connexion which arose out of the translation gave me more pleasure than any one i had the honour to make in italy.
the dwarf.  paris.
i had never heard the remark made by any one in my life, except by one; and who that was will probably come out in this chapter; so that being pretty much unprepossessed, there must have been grounds for what struck me the moment i cast my eyes over the parterre, - and that was, the unaccountable sport of nature in forming such numbers of dwarfs. - no doubt she sports at certain times in almost every corner of the world; but in paris there is no end to her amusements. - the goddess seems almost as merry as she is wise.
as i carried my idea out of the opéra comique with me, i measured every body i saw walking in the streets by it. - melancholy application! especially where the size was extremely little, - the face extremely dark, - the eyes quick, - the nose long, - the teeth white, - the jaw prominent, - to see so many miserables, by force of accidents driven out of their own proper class into the very verge of another, which it gives me pain to write down: - every third man a pigmy! - some by rickety heads and hump backs; - others by bandy legs; - a third set arrested by the hand of nature in the sixth and seventh years of their growth; - a fourth, in their perfect and natural state like dwarf apple trees; from the first rudiments and stamina of their existence, never meant to grow higher.
a medical traveller might say, ’tis owing to undue bandages; - a splenetic one, to want of air; - and an inquisitive traveller, to fortify the system, may measure the height of their houses, - the narrowness of their streets, and in how few feet square in the sixth and seventh stories such numbers of the bourgeoisie eat and sleep together; but i remember mr. shandy the elder, who accounted for nothing like any body else, in speaking one evening of these matters, averred that children, like other animals, might be increased almost to any size, provided they came right into the world; but the misery was, the citizens of were paris so coop’d up, that they had not actually room enough to get them. - i do not call it getting anything, said he; - ’tis getting nothing. - nay, continued he, rising in his argument, ’tis getting worse than nothing, when all you have got after twenty or five and twenty years of the tenderest care and most nutritious aliment bestowed upon it, shall not at last be as high as my leg.  now, mr. shandy being very short, there could be nothing more said of it.
as this is not a work of reasoning, i leave the solution as i found it, and content myself with the truth only of the remark, which is verified in every lane and by-lane of paris.  i was walking down that which leads from the carousal to the palais royal, and observing a little boy in some distress at the side of the gutter which ran down the middle of it, i took hold of his hand and help’d him over.  upon turning up his face to look at him after, i perceived he was about forty. - never mind, said i, some good body will do as much for me when i am ninety.
i feel some little principles within me which incline me to be merciful towards this poor blighted part of my species, who have neither size nor strength to get on in the world. - i cannot bear to see one of them trod upon; and had scarce got seated beside my old french officer, ere the disgust was exercised, by seeing the very thing happen under the box we sat in.
at the end of the orchestra, and betwixt that and the first side box, there is a small esplanade left, where, when the house is full, numbers of all ranks take sanctuary.  though you stand, as in the parterre, you pay the same price as in the orchestra.  a poor defenceless being of this order had got thrust somehow or other into this luckless place; - the night was hot, and he was surrounded by beings two feet and a half higher than himself.  the dwarf suffered inexpressibly on all sides; but the thing which incommoded him most, was a tall corpulent german, near seven feet high, who stood directly betwixt him and all possibility of his seeing either the stage or the actors.  the poor dwarf did all he could to get a peep at what was going forwards, by seeking for some little opening betwixt the german’s arm and his body, trying first on one side, then the other; but the german stood square in the most unaccommodating posture that can be imagined: - the dwarf might as well have been placed at the bottom of the deepest draw-well in paris; so he civilly reached up his hand to the german’s sleeve, and told him his distress. - the german turn’d his head back, looked down upon him as goliah did upon david, - and unfeelingly resumed his posture.
i was just then taking a pinch of snuff out of my monk’s little horn box. - and how would thy meek and courteous spirit, my dear monk! so temper’d to bear and forbear! - how sweetly would it have lent an ear to this poor soul’s complaint!
the old french officer, seeing me lift up my eyes with an emotion, as i made the apostrophe, took the liberty to ask me what was the matter? - i told him the story in three words; and added, how inhuman it was.
by this time the dwarf was driven to extremes, and in his first transports, which are generally unreasonable, had told the german he would cut off his long queue with his knife. - the german look’d back coolly, and told him he was welcome, if he could reach it.
an injury sharpen’d by an insult, be it to whom it will, makes every man of sentiment a party: i could have leap’d out of the box to have redressed it. - the old french officer did it with much less confusion; for leaning a little over, and nodding to a sentinel, and pointing at the same time with his finger at the distress, - the sentinel made his way to it. - there was no occasion to tell the grievance, - the thing told himself; so thrusting back the german instantly with his musket, - he took the poor dwarf by the hand, and placed him before him. - this is noble! said i, clapping my hands together. - and yet you would not permit this, said the old officer, in england.
- in england, dear sir, said i, we sit all at our ease.
the old french officer would have set me at unity with myself, in case i had been at variance, - by saying it was a bon mot; - and, as a bon mot is always worth something at paris, he offered me a pinch of snuff.
the rose.  paris.
it was now my turn to ask the old french officer “what was the matter?” for a cry of “haussez les mains, monsieur l’abbé!” re-echoed from a dozen different parts of the parterre, was as unintelligible to me, as my apostrophe to the monk had been to him.
he told me it was some poor abbé in one of the upper loges, who, he supposed, had got planted perdu behind a couple of grisettes in order to see the opera, and that the parterre espying him, were insisting upon his holding up both his hands during the representation. - and can it be supposed, said i, that an ecclesiastic would pick the grisettes’ pockets?  the old french officer smiled, and whispering in my ear, opened a door of knowledge which i had no idea of.
good god! said i, turning pale with astonishment - is it possible, that a people so smit with sentiment should at the same time be so unclean, and so unlike themselves, - quelle grossièrté! added i.
the french officer told me, it was an illiberal sarcasm at the church, which had begun in the theatre about the time the tartuffe was given in it by molière: but like other remains of gothic manners, was declining. - every nation, continued he, have their refinements and grossièrtés, in which they take the lead, and lose it of one another by turns: - that he had been in most countries, but never in one where he found not some delicacies, which others seemed to want.  le pour et le contre se trouvent en chaque nation; there is a balance, said he, of good and bad everywhere; and nothing but the knowing it is so, can emancipate one half of the world from the prepossession which it holds against the other: - that the advantage of travel, as it regarded the sçavoir vivre, was by seeing a great deal both of men and manners; it taught us mutual toleration; and mutual toleration, concluded he, making me a bow, taught us mutual love.
the old french officer delivered this with an air of such candour and good sense, as coincided with my first favourable impressions of his character: - i thought i loved the man; but i fear i mistook the object; - ’twas my own way of thinking - the difference was, i could not have expressed it half so well.
it is alike troublesome to both the rider and his beast, - if the latter goes pricking up his ears, and starting all the way at every object which he never saw before. - i have as little torment of this kind as any creature alive; and yet i honestly confess, that many a thing gave me pain, and that i blush’d at many a word the first month, - which i found inconsequent and perfectly innocent the second.
madame do rambouliet, after an acquaintance of about six weeks with her, had done me the honour to take me in her coach about two leagues out of town. - of all women, madame de rambouliet is the most correct; and i never wish to see one of more virtues and purity of heart. - in our return back, madame de rambouliet desired me to pull the cord. - i asked her if she wanted anything - rien que pour pisser, said madame de rambouliet.
grieve not, gentle traveller, to let madame de rambouliet p-ss on. - and, ye fair mystic nymphs! go each one pluck your rose, and scatter them in your path, - for madame de rambouliet did no more. - i handed madame de rambouliet out of the coach; and had i been the priest of the chaste castalia, i could not have served at her fountain with a more respectful decorum.
the fille de chambre.  paris.
what the old french officer had delivered upon travelling, bringing polonius’s advice to his son upon the same subject into my head, - and that bringing in hamlet, and hamlet the rest of shakespeare’s works, i stopp’d at the quai de conti in my return home, to purchase the whole set.
the bookseller said he had not a set in the world.  comment! said i, taking one up out of a set which lay upon the counter betwixt us. - he said they were sent him only to be got bound, and were to be sent back to versailles in the morning to the count de b-.
- and does the count de b-, said i, read shakespeare?  c’est un esprit fort, replied the bookseller. - he loves english books! and what is more to his honour, monsieur, he loves the english too.  you speak this so civilly, said i, that it is enough to oblige an englishman to lay out a louis d’or or two at your shop. - the bookseller made a bow, and was going to say something, when a young decent girl about twenty, who by her air and dress seemed to be fille de chambre to some devout woman of fashion, come into the shop and asked for les egarements du coeur et de l’esprit: the bookseller gave her the book directly; she pulled out a little green satin purse run round with a riband of the same colour, and putting her finger and thumb into it, she took out the money and paid for it.  as i had nothing more to stay me in the shop, we both walk’d out at the door together.
- and what have you to do, my dear, said i, with the wanderings of the heart, who scarce know yet you have one? nor, till love has first told you it, or some faithless shepherd has made it ache, canst thou ever be sure it is so. - le dieu m’en garde! said the girl. - with reason, said i, for if it is a good one, ’tis pity it should be stolen; ’tis a little treasure to thee, and gives a better air to your face, than if it was dress’d out with pearls.
the young girl listened with a submissive attention, holding her satin purse by its riband in her hand all the time. - ’tis a very small one, said i, taking hold of the bottom of it - she held it towards me - and there is very little in it, my dear, said i; but be but as good as thou art handsome, and heaven will fill it.  i had a parcel of crowns in my hand to pay for shakespeare; and, as she had let go the purse entirely, i put a single one in; and, tying up the riband in a bow-knot, returned it to her.
the young girl made me more a humble courtesy than a low one: - ’twas one of those quiet, thankful sinkings, where the spirit bows itself down, - the body does no more than tell it.  i never gave a girl a crown in my life which gave me half the pleasure.
my advice, my dear, would not have been worth a pin to you, said i, if i had not given this along with it: but now, when you see the crown, you’ll remember it; - so don’t, my dear, lay it out in ribands.
upon my word, sir, said the girl, earnestly, i am incapable; - in saying which, as is usual in little bargains of honour, she gave me her hand: - en vérité, monsieur, je mettrai cet argent àpart, said she.
when a virtuous convention is made betwixt man and woman, it sanctifies their most private walks: so, notwithstanding it was dusky, yet as both our roads lay the same way, we made no scruple of walking along the quai de conti together.
she made me a second courtesy in setting off, and before we got twenty yards from the door, as if she had not done enough before, she made a sort of a little stop to tell me again - she thank’d me.
it was a small tribute, i told her, which i could not avoid paying to virtue, and would not be mistaken in the person i had been rendering it to for the world; - but i see innocence, my dear, in your face, - and foul befall the man who ever lays a snare in its way!
the girl seem’d affected some way or other with what i said; - she gave a low sigh: - i found i was not empowered to enquire at all after it, - so said nothing more till i got to the corner of the rue de nevers, where, we were to part.
- but is this the way, my dear, said i, to the hotel de modene?  she told me it was; - or that i might go by the rue de gueneguault, which was the next turn. - then i’ll go, my dear, by the rue de gueneguault, said i, for two reasons; first, i shall please myself, and next, i shall give you the protection of my company as far on your way as i can.  the girl was sensible i was civil - and said, she wished the hotel de modene was in the rue de st. pierre. - you live there? said i. - she told me she was fille de chambre to madame r-. - good god! said i, ’tis the very lady for whom i have brought a letter from amiens. - the girl told me that madame r-, she believed, expected a stranger with a letter, and was impatient to see him: - so i desired the girl to present my compliments to madame r-, and say, i would certainly wait upon her in the morning.
we stood still at the corner of the rue de nevers whilst this pass’d. - we then stopped a moment whilst she disposed of her egarements du coeur &c. more commodiously than carrying them in her hand - they were two volumes: so i held the second for her whilst she put the first into her pocket; and then she held her pocket, and i put in the other after it.
’tis sweet to feel by what fine spun threads our affections are drawn together.
we set off afresh, and as she took her third step, the girl put her hand within my arm. - i was just bidding her, - but she did it of herself, with that undeliberating simplicity, which show’d it was out of her head that she had never seen me before.  for my own part, i felt the conviction of consanguinity so strongly, that i could not help turning half round to look in her face, and see if i could trace out any thing in it of a family likeness. - tut! said i, are we not all relations?
when we arrived at the turning up of the rue de gueneguault, i stopp’d to bid her adieu for good and all: the girl would thank me again for my company and kindness. - she bid me adieu twice. - i repeated it as often; and so cordial was the parting between us, that had it happened any where else, i’m not sure but i should have signed it with a kiss of charity, as warm and holy as an apostle.
but in paris, as none kiss each other but the men, - i did, what amounted to the same thing -
- i bid god bless her.
the passport.  paris.
when i got home to my hotel, la fleur told me i had been enquired after by the lieutenant de police. - the deuce take it! said i, - i know the reason.  it is time the reader should know it, for in the order of things in which it happened, it was omitted: not that it was out of my head; but that had i told it then it might have been forgotten now; - and now is the time i want it.
i had left london with so much precipitation, that it never enter’d my mind that we were at war with france; and had reached dover, and looked through my glass at the hills beyond boulogne, before the idea presented itself; and with this in its train, that there was no getting there without a passport.  go but to the end of a street, i have a mortal aversion for returning back no wiser than i set out; and as this was one of the greatest efforts i had ever made for knowledge, i could less bear the thoughts of it: so hearing the count de - had hired the packet, i begg’d he would take me in his suite.  the count had some little knowledge of me, so made little or no difficulty, - only said, his inclination to serve me could reach no farther than calais, as he was to return by way of brussels to paris; however, when i had once pass’d there, i might get to paris without interruption; but that in paris i must make friends and shift for myself. - let me get to paris, monsieur le count, said i, - and i shall do very well.  so i embark’d, and never thought more of the matter.
when la fleur told me the lieutenant de police had been enquiring after me, - the thing instantly recurred; - and by the time la fleur had well told me, the master of the hotel came into my room to tell me the same thing, with this addition to it, that my passport had been particularly asked after: the master of the hotel concluded with saying, he hoped i had one. - not i, faith! said i.
the master of the hotel retired three steps from me, as from an infected person, as i declared this; - and poor la fleur advanced three steps towards me, and with that sort of movement which a good soul makes to succour a distress’d one: - the fellow won my heart by it; and from that single trait i knew his character as perfectly, and could rely upon it as firmly, as if he had served me with fidelity for seven years.
mon seigneur! cried the master of the hotel; but recollecting himself as he made the exclamation, he instantly changed the tone of it. - if monsieur, said he, has not a passport (apparemment) in all likelihood he has friends in paris who can procure him one. - not that i know of, quoth i, with an air of indifference. - then certes, replied he, you’ll be sent to the bastile or the chatelet au moins. - poo! said i, the king of france is a good natur’d soul: - he’ll hurt nobody. - cela n’empêche pas, said he - you will certainly be sent to the bastile to-morrow morning. - but i’ve taken your lodgings for a month, answer’d i, and i’ll not quit them a day before the time for all the kings of france in the world.  la fleur whispered in my ear, that nobody could oppose the king of france.
pardi! said my host, ces messieurs anglois sont des gens très extraordinaires; - and, having both said and sworn it, - he went out.
the passport.  the hotel at paris.
i could not find in my heart to torture la fleur’s with a serious look upon the subject of my embarrassment, which was the reason i had treated it so cavalierly: and to show him how light it lay upon my mind, i dropt the subject entirely; and whilst he waited upon me at supper, talk’d to him with more than usual gaiety about paris, and of the opéra comique. - la fleur had been there himself, and had followed me through the streets as far as the bookseller’s shop; but seeing me come out with the young fille de chambre, and that we walk’d down the quai de conti together, la fleur deem’d it unnecessary to follow me a step further; - so making his own reflections upon it, he took a shorter cut, - and got to the hotel in time to be inform’d of the affair of the police against my arrival.
as soon as the honest creature had taken away, and gone down to sup himself, i then began to think a little seriously about my situation. -
- and here, i know, eugenius, thou wilt smile at the remembrance of a short dialogue which passed betwixt us the moment i was going to set out: - i must tell it here.
eugenius, knowing that i was as little subject to be overburden’d with money as thought, had drawn me aside to interrogate me how much i had taken care for.  upon telling him the exact sum, eugenius shook his head, and said it would not do; so pull’d out his purse in order to empty it into mine. - i’ve enough in conscience, eugenius, said i. - indeed, yorick, you have not, replied eugenius; i know france and italy better than you. - but you don’t consider, eugenius, said i, refusing his offer, that before i have been three days in paris, i shall take care to say or do something or other for which i shall get clapp’d up into the bastile, and that i shall live there a couple of months entirely at the king of france’s expense. - i beg pardon, said eugenius drily: really i had forgot that resource.
now the event i treated gaily came seriously to my door.
is it folly, or nonchalance, or philosophy, or pertinacity - or what is it in me, that, after all, when la fleur had gone down stairs, and i was quite alone, i could not bring down my mind to think of it otherwise than i had then spoken of it to eugenius?
- and as for the bastile; the terror is in the word. - make the most of it you can, said i to myself, the bastile is but another word for a tower; - and a tower is but another word for a house you can’t get out of. - mercy on the gouty! for they are in it twice a year. - but with nine livres a day, and pen and ink, and paper, and patience, albeit a man can’t get out, he may do very well within, - at least for a mouth or six weeks; at the end of which, if he is a harmless fellow, his innocence appears, and he comes out a better and wiser man than he went in.
i had some occasion (i forget what) to step into the court-yard, as i settled this account; and remember i walk’d down stairs in no small triumph with the conceit of my reasoning. - beshrew the sombre pencil! said i, vauntingly - for i envy not its powers, which paints the evils of life with so hard and deadly a colouring.  the mind sits terrified at the objects she has magnified herself, and blackened: reduce them to their proper size and hue, she overlooks them. - ’tis true, said i, correcting the proposition, - the bastile is not an evil to be despised; - but strip it of its towers - fill up the fosse, - unbarricade the doors - call it simply a confinement, and suppose ’tis some tyrant of a distemper - and not of a man, which holds you in it, - the evil vanishes, and you bear the other half without complaint.
i was interrupted in the heyday of this soliloquy, with a voice which i took to be of a child, which complained “it could not get out.” - i look’d up and down the passage, and seeing neither man, woman, nor child, i went out without farther attention.
in my return back through the passage, i heard the same words repeated twice over; and, looking up, i saw it was a starling hung in a little cage. - “i can’t get out, - i can’t get out,” said the starling.
i stood looking at the bird: and to every person who came through the passage it ran fluttering to the side towards which they approach’d it, with the same lamentation of its captivity.  “i can’t get out,” said the starling. - god help thee! said i, but i’ll let thee out, cost what it will; so i turned about the cage to get to the door: it was twisted and double twisted so fast with wire, there was no getting it open without pulling the cage to pieces. - i took both hands to it.
the bird flew to the place where i was attempting his deliverance, and thrusting his head through the trellis pressed his breast against it as if impatient. - i fear, poor creature! said i, i cannot set thee at liberty. - “no,” said the starling, -  “i can’t get out - i can’t get out,” said the starling.
i vow i never had my affections more tenderly awakened; nor do i remember an incident in my life, where the dissipated spirits, to which my reason had been a bubble, were so suddenly call’d home.  mechanical as the notes were, yet so true in tune to nature were they chanted, that in one moment they overthrew all my systematic reasonings upon the bastile; and i heavily walked upstairs, unsaying every word i had said in going down them.
disguise thyself as thou wilt, still, slavery! said i, - still thou art a bitter draught! and though thousands in all ages have been made to drink of thee, thou art no less bitter on that account. - ’tis thou, thrice sweet and gracious goddess, addressing myself to liberty, whom all in public or in private worship, whose taste is grateful, and ever will be so, till nature herself shall change. - no tint of words can spot thy snowy mantle, or chymic power turn thy sceptre into iron: - with thee to smile upon him as he eats his crust, the swain is happier than his monarch, from whose court thou art exiled! - gracious heaven! cried i, kneeling down upon the last step but one in my ascent, grant me but health, thou great bestower of it, and give me but this fair goddess as my companion, - and shower down thy mitres, if it seems good unto thy divine providence, upon those heads which are aching for them!
the captive.  paris.
the bird in his cage pursued me into my room; i sat down close to my table, and leaning my head upon my hand, i began to figure to myself the miseries of confinement.  i was in a right frame for it, and so i gave full scope to my imagination.
i was going to begin with the millions of my fellow-creatures born to no inheritance but slavery: but finding, however affecting the picture was, that i could not bring it near me, and that the multitude of sad groups in it did but distract me. -
- i took a single captive, and having first shut him up in his dungeon, i then look’d through the twilight of his grated door to take his picture.
i beheld his body half-wasted away with long expectation and confinement, and felt what kind of sickness of the heart it was which arises from hope deferr’d.  upon looking nearer i saw him pale and feverish: in thirty years the western breeze had not once fann’d his blood; - he had seen no sun, no moon, in all that time - nor had the voice of friend or kinsman breathed through his lattice. - his children -
but here my heart began to bleed - and i was forced to go on with another part of the portrait.
he was sitting upon the ground upon a little straw, in the furthest corner of his dungeon, which was alternately his chair and bed: a little calendar of small sticks were laid at the head, notch’d all over with the dismal days and nights he had passed there; - he had one of these little sticks in his hand, and, with a rusty nail he was etching another day of misery to add to the heap.  as i darkened the little light he had, he lifted up a hopeless eye towards the door, then cast it down, - shook his head, and went on with his work of affliction.  i heard his chains upon his legs, as he turned his body to lay his little stick upon the bundle. - he gave a deep sigh. - i saw the iron enter into his soul! - i burst into tears. - i could not sustain the picture of confinement which my fancy had drawn. - i started up from my chair, and calling la fleur: i bid him bespeak me a remise, and have it ready at the door of the hotel by nine in the morning.
i’ll go directly, said i, myself to monsieur le duc de choiseul.
la fleur would have put me to bed; but - not willing he should see anything upon my cheek which would cost the honest fellow a heart-ache, - i told him i would go to bed by myself, - and bid him go do the same.
the starling.  road to versailles.
i got into my remise the hour i proposed: la fleur got up behind, and i bid the coachman make the best of his way to versailles.
as there was nothing in this road, or rather nothing which i look for in travelling, i cannot fill up the blank better than with a short history of this self-same bird, which became the subject of the last chapter.
whilst the honourable mr. - was waiting for a wind at dover, it had been caught upon the cliffs, before it could well fly, by an english lad who was his groom; who, not caring to destroy it, had taken it in his breast into the packet; - and, by course of feeding it, and taking it once under his protection, in a day or two grew fond of it, and got it safe along with him to paris.
at paris the lad had laid out a livre in a little cage for the starling, and as he had little to do better the five months his master staid there, he taught it, in his mother’s tongue, the four simple words - (and no more) - to which i own’d myself so much its debtor.
upon his master’s going on for italy, the lad had given it to the master of the hotel.  but his little song for liberty being in an unknown language at paris, the bird had little or no store set by him: so la fleur bought both him and his cage for me for a bottle of burgundy.
in my return from italy i brought him with me to the country in whose language he had learned his notes; and telling the story of him to lord a-, lord a- begg’d the bird of me; - in a week lord a- gave him to lord b-; lord b- made a present of him to lord c-; and lord c-’s gentleman sold him to lord d-’s for a shilling; lord d- gave him to lord e-; and so on - half round the alphabet.  from that rank he pass’d into the lower house, and pass’d the hands of as many commoners.  but as all these wanted to get in, and my bird wanted to get out, he had almost as little store set by him in london as in paris.
it is impossible but many of my readers must have heard of him; and if any by mere chance have ever seen him, i beg leave to inform them, that that bird was my bird, or some vile copy set up to represent him.
i have nothing farther to add upon him, but that from that time to this i have borne this poor starling as the crest to my arms. - thus:
- and let the herald’s officers twist his neck about if they dare.
the address.  versailles.
i should not like to have my enemy take a view of my mind when i am going to ask protection of any man; for which reason i generally endeavour to protect myself; but this going to monsieur le duc de c- was an act of compulsion; had it been an act of choice, i should have done it, i suppose, like other people.
how many mean plans of dirty address, as i went along, did my servile heart form!  i deserved the bastile for every one of them.
then nothing would serve me when i got within sight of versailles, but putting words and sentences together, and conceiving attitudes and tones to wreath myself into monsieur le duc de c-’s good graces. - this will do, said i. - just as well, retorted i again, as a coat carried up to him by an adventurous tailor, without taking his measure.  fool! continued i, - see monsieur le duc’s face first; - observe what character is written in it; - take notice in what posture he stands to hear you; - mark the turns and expressions of his body and limbs; - and for the tone, - the first sound which comes from his lips will give it you; and from all these together you’ll compound an address at once upon the spot, which cannot disgust the duke; - the ingredients are his own, and most likely to go down.
well! said i, i wish it well over. - coward again! as if man to man was not equal throughout the whole surface of the globe; and if in the field - why not face to face in the cabinet too?  and trust me, yorick, whenever it is not so, man is false to himself and betrays his own succours ten times where nature does it once.  go to the duc de c- with the bastile in thy looks; - my life for it, thou wilt be sent back to paris in half an hour with an escort.
i believe so, said i. - then i’ll go to the duke, by heaven! with all the gaiety and debonairness in the world. -
- and there you are wrong again, replied i. - a heart at ease, yorick, flies into no extremes - ’tis ever on its centre. - well! well! cried i, as the coachman turn’d in at the gates, i find i shall do very well: and by the time he had wheel’d round the court, and brought me up to the door, i found myself so much the better for my own lecture, that i neither ascended the steps like a victim to justice, who was to part with life upon the top most, - nor did i mount them with a skip and a couple of strides, as i do when i fly up, eliza! to thee to meet it.
as i entered the door of the saloon i was met by a person, who possibly might be the maître d’hôtel, but had more the air of one of the under secretaries, who told me the duc de c- was busy. - i am utterly ignorant, said i, of the forms of obtaining an audience, being an absolute stranger, and what is worse in the present conjuncture of affairs, being an englishman too. - he replied, that did not increase the difficulty. - i made him a slight bow, and told him, i had something of importance to say to monsieur le duc.  the secretary look’d towards the stairs, as if he was about to leave me to carry up this account to some one. - but i must not mislead you, said i, - for what i have to say is of no manner of importance to monsieur le duc de c- - but of great importance to myself. - c’est une autre affaire, replied he. - not at all, said i, to a man of gallantry. - but pray, good sir, continued i, when can a stranger hope to have access? - in not less than two hours, said he, looking at his watch.  the number of equipages in the court-yard seemed to justify the calculation, that i could have no nearer a prospect; - and as walking backwards and forwards in the saloon, without a soul to commune with, was for the time as bad as being in the bastile itself, i instantly went back to my remise, and bid the coachman drive me to the cordon bleu, which was the nearest hotel.
i think there is a fatality in it; - i seldom go to the place i set out for.
le patissier.  versailles.
before i had got half way down the street i changed my mind: as i am at versailles, thought i, i might as well take a view of the town; so i pull’d the cord, and ordered the coachman to drive round some of the principal streets. - i suppose the town is not very large, said i. - the coachman begg’d pardon for setting me right, and told me it was very superb, and that numbers of the first dukes and marquises and counts had hotels. - the count de b-, of whom the bookseller at the quai de conti had spoke so handsomely the night before, came instantly into my mind. - and why should i not go, thought i, to the count de b-, who has so high an idea of english books and english men - and tell him my story? so i changed my mind a second time. - in truth it was the third; for i had intended that day for madame de r-, in the rue st. pierre, and had devoutly sent her word by her fille de chambre that i would assuredly wait upon her; - but i am governed by circumstances; - i cannot govern them: so seeing a man standing with a basket on the other side of the street, as if he had something to sell, i bid la fleur go up to him, and enquire for the count’s hotel.
la fleur returned a little pale; and told me it was a chevalier de st. louis selling pâtés. - it is impossible, la fleur, said i. - la fleur could no more account for the phenomenon than myself; but persisted in his story: he had seen the croix set in gold, with its red riband, he said, tied to his buttonhole - and had looked into the basket and seen the pâtés which the chevalier was selling; so could not be mistaken in that.
such a reverse in man’s life awakens a better principle than curiosity: i could not help looking for some time at him as i sat in the remise: - the more i look’d at him, his croix, and his basket, the stronger they wove themselves into my brain. - i got out of the remise, and went towards him.
he was begirt with a clean linen apron which fell below his knees, and with a sort of a bib that went half way up his breast; upon the top of this, but a little below the hem, hung his croix.  his basket of little pâtés was covered over with a white damask napkin; another of the same kind was spread at the bottom; and there was a look of propreté and neatness throughout, that one might have bought his pâtés of him, as much from appetite as sentiment.
he made an offer of them to neither; but stood still with them at the corner of an hotel, for those to buy who chose it without solicitation.
he was about forty-eight; - of a sedate look, something approaching to gravity.  i did not wonder. - i went up rather to the basket than him, and having lifted up the napkin, and taking one of his pâtés into my hand, - i begg’d he would explain the appearance which affected me.
he told me in a few words, that the best part of his life had passed in the service, in which, after spending a small patrimony, he had obtained a company and the croix with it; but that, at the conclusion of the last peace, his regiment being reformed, and the whole corps, with those of some other regiments, left without any provision, he found himself in a wide world without friends, without a livre, - and indeed, said he, without anything but this, - (pointing, as he said it, to his croix). - the poor chevalier won my pity, and he finished the scene with winning my esteem too.
the king, he said, was the most generous of princes, but his generosity could neither relieve nor reward everyone, and it was only his misfortune to be amongst the number.  he had a little wife, he said, whom he loved, who did the pâtisserie; and added, he felt no dishonour in defending her and himself from want in this way - unless providence had offer’d him a better.
it would be wicked to withhold a pleasure from the good, in passing over what happen’d to this poor chevalier of st. louis about nine months after.
it seems he usually took his stand near the iron gates which lead up to the palace, and as his croix had caught the eyes of numbers, numbers had made the same enquiry which i had done. - he had told them the same story, and always with so much modesty and good sense, that it had reach’d at last the king’s ears; - who, hearing the chevalier had been a gallant officer, and respected by the whole regiment as a man of honour and integrity, - he broke up his little trade by a pension of fifteen hundred livres a year.
as i have told this to please the reader, i beg he will allow me to relate another, out of its order, to please myself: - the two stories reflect light upon each other, - and ’tis a pity they should be parted.
the sword.  rennes.
when states and empires have their periods of declension, and feel in their turns what distress and poverty is, - i stop not to tell the causes which gradually brought the house d’e-, in brittany, into decay.  the marquis d’e- had fought up against his condition with great firmness; wishing to preserve, and still show to the world, some little fragments of what his ancestors had been; - their indiscretions had put it out of his power.  there was enough left for the little exigencies of obscurity. - but he had two boys who looked up to him for light; - he thought they deserved it.  he had tried his sword - it could not open the way, - the mounting was too expensive, - and simple economy was not a match for it: - there was no resource but commerce.
in any other province in france, save brittany, this was smiting the root for ever of the little tree his pride and affection wish’d to see re-blossom. - but in brittany, there being a provision for this, he avail’d himself of it; and, taking an occasion when the states were assembled at rennes, the marquis, attended with his two boys, entered the court; and having pleaded the right of an ancient law of the duchy, which, though seldom claim’d, he said, was no less in force, he took his sword from his side: - here, said he, take it; and be trusty guardians of it, till better times put me in condition to reclaim it.
the president accepted the marquis’s sword: he staid a few minutes to see it deposited in the archives of his house - and departed.
the marquis and his whole family embarked the next clay for martinico, and in about nineteen or twenty years of successful application to business, with some unlook’d for bequests from distant branches of his house, return home to reclaim his nobility, and to support it.
it was an incident of good fortune which will never happen to any traveller but a sentimental one, that i should be at rennes at the very time of this solemn requisition: i call it solemn; - it was so to me.
the marquis entered the court with his whole family: he supported his lady, - his eldest son supported his sister, and his youngest was at the other extreme of the line next his mother; - he put his handkerchief to his face twice. -
- there was a dead silence.  when the marquis had approached within six paces of the tribunal, he gave the marchioness to his youngest son, and advancing three steps before his family, - he reclaim’d his sword.  his sword was given him, and the moment he got it into his hand he drew it almost out of the scabbard: - ’twas the shining face of a friend he had once given up - he look’d attentively along it, beginning at the hilt, as if to see whether it was the same, - when, observing a little rust which it had contracted near the point, he brought it near his eye, and bending his head down over it, - i think - i saw a tear fall upon the place.  i could not be deceived by what followed.
“i shall find,” said he, “some other way to get it off.”
when the marquis had said this, he returned his sword into its scabbard, made a bow to the guardians of it, - and, with his wife and daughter, and his two sons following him, walk’d out.
o, how i envied him his feelings!
the passport.  versailles.
i found no difficulty in getting admittance to monsieur le count de b-.  the set of shakespeares was laid upon the table, and he was tumbling them over.  i walk’d up close to the table, and giving first such a look at the books as to make him conceive i knew what they were, - i told him i had come without any one to present me, knowing i should meet with a friend in his apartment, who, i trusted, would do it for me: - it is my countryman, the great shakespeare, said i, pointing to his works - et ayez la bouté, mon cher ami, apostrophizing his spirit, added i, de me faire cet honneur-là. -
the count smiled at the singularity of the introduction; and seeing i look’d a little pale and sickly, insisted upon my taking an arm-chair; so i sat down; and to save him conjectures upon a visit so out of all rule, i told him simply of the incident in the bookseller’s shop, and how that had impelled me rather to go to him with the story of a little embarrassment i was under, than to any other man in france. - and what is your embarrassment? let me hear it, said the count.  so i told him the story just as i have told it the reader.
- and the master of my hotel, said i, as i concluded it, will needs have it, monsieur le count, that i shall be sent to the bastile; - but i have no apprehensions, continued i; - for, in falling into the hands of the most polish’d people in the world, and being conscious i was a true man, and not come to spy the nakedness of the land, i scarce thought i lay at their mercy. - it does not suit the gallantry of the french, monsieur le count, said i, to show it against invalids.
an animated blush came into the count de b-’s cheeks as i spoke this. - ne craignez rien - don’t fear, said he. - indeed, i don’t, replied i again. - besides, continued i, a little sportingly, i have come laughing all the way from london to paris, and i do not think monsieur le duc de choiseul is such an enemy to mirth as to send me back crying for my pains.
- my application to you, monsieur le count de b- (making him a low bow), is to desire he will not.
the count heard me with great good nature, or i had not said half as much, - and once or twice said, - c’est bien dit.  so i rested my cause there - and determined to say no more about it.
the count led the discourse: we talk’d of indifferent things, - of books, and politics, and men; - and then of women. - god bless them all! said i, after much discourse about them - there is not a man upon earth who loves them so much as i do: after all the foibles i have seen, and all the satires i have read against them, still i love them; being firmly persuaded that a man, who has not a sort of affection for the whole sex, is incapable of ever loving a single one as he ought.
eh bien!  monsieur l’anglois, said the count, gaily; - you are not come to spy the nakedness of the land; - i believe you; - ni encore, i dare say, that of our women! - but permit me to conjecture, - if, par hazard, they fell into your way, that the prospect would not affect you.
i have something within me which cannot bear the shock of the least indecent insinuation: in the sportability of chit-chat i have often endeavoured to conquer it, and with infinite pain have hazarded a thousand things to a dozen of the sex together, - the least of which i could not venture to a single one to gain heaven.
excuse me, monsieur le count, said i; - as for the nakedness of your land, if i saw it, i should cast my eyes over it with tears in them; - and for that of your women (blushing at the idea he had excited in me) i am so evangelical in this, and have such a fellow-feeling for whatever is weak about them, that i would cover it with a garment if i knew how to throw it on: - but i could wish, continued i, to spy the nakedness of their hearts, and through the different disguises of customs, climates, and religion, find out what is good in them to fashion my own by: - and therefore am i come.
it is for this reason, monsieur le count, continued i, that i have not seen the palais royal, - nor the luxembourg, - nor the façade of the louvre, - nor have attempted to swell the catalogues we have of pictures, statues, and churches. - i conceive every fair being as a temple, and would rather enter in, and see the original drawings and loose sketches hung up in it, than the transfiguration of raphael itself.
the thirst of this, continued i, as impatient as that which inflames the breast of the connoisseur, has led me from my own home into france, - and from france will lead me through italy; - ’tis a quiet journey of the heart in pursuit of nature, and those affections which arise out of her, which make us love each other, - and the world, better than we do.
the count said a great many civil things to me upon the occasion; and added very politely, how much he stood obliged to shakespeare for making me known to him. - but a propos, said he; - shakespeare is full of great things; - he forgot a small punctilio of announcing your name: - it puts you under a necessity of doing it yourself.
the passport.  versailles.
there is not a more perplexing affair in life to me, than to set about telling any one who i am, - for there is scarce any body i cannot give a better account of than myself; and i have often wished i could do it in a single word, - and have an end of it.  it was the only time and occasion in my life i could accomplish this to any purpose; - for shakespeare lying upon the table, and recollecting i was in his books, i took up hamlet, and turning immediately to the grave-diggers’ scene in the fifth act, i laid my finger upon yorick, and advancing the book to the count, with my finger all the way over the name, - me voici! said i.
now, whether the idea of poor yorick’s skull was put out of the count’s mind by the reality of my own, or by what magic he could drop a period of seven or eight hundred years, makes nothing in this account; - ’tis certain the french conceive better than they combine; - i wonder at nothing in this world, and the less at this; inasmuch as one of the first of our own church, for whose candour and paternal sentiments i have the highest veneration, fell into the same mistake in the very same case: - “he could not bear,” he said, “to look into the sermons wrote by the king of denmark’s jester.”  good, my lord said i; but there are two yoricks.  the yorick your lordship thinks of, has been dead and buried eight hundred years ago; he flourished in horwendillus’s court; - the other yorick is myself, who have flourished, my lord, in no court. - he shook his head.  good god! said i, you might as well confound alexander the great with alexander the coppersmith, my lord! - “’twas all one,” he replied. -
- if alexander, king of macedon, could have translated your lordship, said i, i’m sure your lordship would not have said so.
the poor count de b- fell but into the same error.
- et, monsieur, est-il yorick? cried the count. - je le suis, said i. - vous? - moi, - moi qui ai l’honneur de vous parler, monsieur le comte. - mon dieu! said he, embracing me, - vous êtes yorick!
the count instantly put the shakespeare into his pocket, and left me alone in his room.
the passport.  versailles.
i could not conceive why the count de b- had gone so abruptly out of the room, any more than i could conceive why he had put the shakespeare into his pocket. -
mysteries which must explain themselves are not worth the loss of time which a conjecture about them takes up: ’twas better to read shakespeare; so taking up “much ado about nothing,” i transported myself instantly from the chair i sat in to messina in sicily, and got so busy with don pedro, and benedict, and beatrice, that i thought not of versailles, the count, or the passport.
sweet pliability of man’s spirit, that can at once surrender itself to illusions, which cheat expectation and sorrow of their weary moments! - long, - long since had ye number’d out my days, had i not trod so great a part of them upon this enchanted ground.  when my way is too rough for my feet, or too steep for my strength, i get off it, to some smooth velvet path, which fancy has scattered over with rosebuds of delights; and having taken a few turns in it, come back strengthened and refresh’d. - when evils press sore upon me, and there is no retreat from them in this world, then i take a new course; - i leave it, - and as i have a clearer idea of the elysian fields than i have of heaven, i force myself, like aeneas, into them. - i see him meet the pensive shade of his forsaken dido, and wish to recognise it; - i see the injured spirit wave her head, and turn off silent from the author of her miseries and dishonours; - i lose the feelings for myself in hers, and in those affections which were wont to make me mourn for her when i was at school.
surely this is not walking in a vain shadow - nor does man disquiet himself in vain by it: - he oftener does so in trusting the issue of his commotions to reason only. - i can safely say for myself, i was never able to conquer any one single bad sensation in my heart so decisively, as beating up as fast as i could for some kindly and gentle sensation to fight it upon its own ground
when i had got to the end of the third act the count de b- entered, with my passport in his hand.  monsieur le duc de c-, said the count, is as good a prophet, i dare say, as he is a statesman.  un homme qui rit, said the duke, ne sera jamais dangereux. - had it been for any one but the king’s jester, added the count, i could not have got it these two hours. - pardonnez moi, monsieur le count, said i - i am not the king’s jester. - but you are yorick? - yes. - et vous plaisantez? - i answered, indeed i did jest, - but was not paid for it; - ’twas entirely at my own expense.
we have no jester at court, monsieur le count, said i; the last we had was in the licentious reign of charles ii.; - since which time our manners have been so gradually refining, that our court at present is so full of patriots, who wish for nothing but the honours and wealth of their country; - and our ladies are all so chaste, so spotless, so good, so devout, - there is nothing for a jester to make a jest of. -
voila un persiflage! cried the count.
the passport.  versailles.
as the passport was directed to all lieutenant-governors, governors, and commandants of cities, generals of armies, justiciaries, and all officers of justice, to let mr. yorick the king’s jester, and his baggage, travel quietly along, i own the triumph of obtaining the passport was not a little tarnish’d by the figure i cut in it. - but there is nothing unmix’d in this world; and some of the gravest of our divines have carried it so far as to affirm, that enjoyment itself was attended even with a sigh, - and that the greatest they knew of terminated, in a general way, in little better than a convulsion.
i remember the grave and learned bevoriskius, in his commentary upon the generations from adam, very naturally breaks off in the middle of a note to give an account to the world of a couple of sparrows upon the out-edge of his window, which had incommoded him all the time he wrote, and at last had entirely taken him off from his genealogy.
- ’tis strange! writes bevoriskius; but the facts are certain, for i have had the curiosity to mark them down one by one with my pen; - but the cock sparrow, during the little time that i could have finished the other half of this note, has actually interrupted me with the reiteration of his caresses three-and-twenty times and a half.
how merciful, adds bevoriskius, is heaven to his creatures!
ill fated yorick! that the gravest of thy brethren should be able to write that to the world, which stains thy face with crimson to copy, even in thy study.
but this is nothing to my travels. - so i twice, - twice beg pardon for it.
character.  versailles.
and how do you find the french? said the count de b-, after he had given me the passport.
the reader may suppose, that after so obliging a proof of courtesy, i could not be at a loss to say something handsome to the enquiry.
- mais passe, pour cela. - speak frankly, said he: do you find all the urbanity in the french which the world give us the honour of? - i had found every thing, i said, which confirmed it. - vraiment, said the count, les françois sont polis. - to an excess, replied i.
the count took notice of the word excès; and would have it i meant more than i said.  i defended myself a long time as well as i could against it. - he insisted i had a reserve, and that i would speak my opinion frankly.
i believe, monsieur le count, said i, that man has a certain compass, as well as an instrument; and that the social and other calls have occasion by turns for every key in him; so that if you begin a note too high or too low, there must be a want either in the upper or under part, to fill up the system of harmony. - the count de b- did not understand music, so desired me to explain it some other way.  a polish’d nation, my dear count, said i, makes every one its debtor: and besides, urbanity itself, like the fair sex, has so many charms, it goes against the heart to say it can do ill; and yet, i believe, there is but a certain line of perfection, that man, take him altogether, is empower’d to arrive at: - if he gets beyond, he rather exchanges qualities than gets them.  i must not presume to say how far this has affected the french in the subject we are speaking of; - but, should it ever be the case of the english, in the progress of their refinements, to arrive at the same polish which distinguishes the french, if we did not lose the politesse du coeur, which inclines men more to humane actions than courteous ones, - we should at least lose that distinct variety and originality of character, which distinguishes them, not only from each other, but from all the world besides.
i had a few of king william’s shillings, as smooth as glass, in my pocket; and foreseeing they would be of use in the illustration of my hypothesis, i had got them into my hand when i had proceeded so far: -
see, monsieur le count, said i, rising up, and laying them before him upon the table, - by jingling and rubbing one against another for seventy years together in one body’s pocket or another’s, they are become so much alike, you can scarce distinguish one shilling from another.
the english, like ancient medals, kept more apart, and passing but few people’s hands, preserve the first sharpnesses which the fine hand of nature has given them; - they are not so pleasant to feel, - but in return the legend is so visible, that at the first look you see whose image and superscription they bear. - but the french, monsieur le count, added i (wishing to soften what i had said), have so many excellences, they can the better spare this; - they are a loyal, a gallant, a generous, an ingenious, and good temper’d people as is under heaven; - if they have a fault - they are too serious.
mon dieu! cried the count, rising out of his chair.
mais vous plaisantez, said he, correcting his exclamation. - i laid my hand upon my breast, and with earnest gravity assured him it was my most settled opinion.
the count said he was mortified he could not stay to hear my reasons, being engaged to go that moment to dine with the duc de c-.
but if it is not too far to come to versailles to eat your soup with me, i beg, before you leave france, i may have the pleasure of knowing you retract your opinion, - or, in what manner you support it. - but, if you do support it, monsieur anglois, said he, you must do it with all your powers, because you have the whole world against you. - i promised the count i would do myself the honour of dining with him before i set out for italy; - so took my leave.
the temptation.  paris.
when i alighted at the hotel, the porter told me a young woman with a bandbox had been that moment enquiring for me. - i do not know, said the porter, whether she is gone away or not.  i took the key of my chamber of him, and went upstairs; and when i had got within ten steps of the top of the landing before my door, i met her coming easily down.
it was the fair fille de chambre i had walked along the quai de conti with; madame de r- had sent her upon some commission to a marchande des modes within a step or two of the hôtel de modene; and as i had fail’d in waiting upon her, had bid her enquire if i had left paris; and if so, whether i had not left a letter addressed to her.
as the fair fille de chambre was so near my door, she returned back, and went into the room with me for a moment or two whilst i wrote a card.
it was a fine still evening in the latter end of the month of may, - the crimson window curtains (which were of the same colour as those of the bed) were drawn close: - the sun was setting, and reflected through them so warm a tint into the fair fille de chambre’s face, - i thought she blush’d; - the idea of it made me blush myself: - we were quite alone; and that superinduced a second blush before the first could get off.
there is a sort of a pleasing half guilty blush, where the blood is more in fault than the man: - ’tis sent impetuous from the heart, and virtue flies after it, - not to call it back, but to make the sensation of it more delicious to the nerves: - ’tis associated. -
but i’ll not describe it; - i felt something at first within me which was not in strict unison with the lesson of virtue i had given her the night before. - i sought five minutes for a card; - i knew i had not one. - i took up a pen. - i laid it down again; - my hand trembled: - the devil was in me.
i know as well as any one he is an adversary, whom, if we resist, he will fly from us; - but i seldom resist him at all; from a terror, though i may conquer, i may still get a hurt in the combat; - so i give up the triumph for security; and, instead of thinking to make him fly, i generally fly myself.
the fair fille de chambre came close up to the bureau where i was looking for a card - took up first the pen i cast down, then offer’d to hold me the ink; she offer’d it so sweetly, i was going to accept it; - but i durst not; - i have nothing, my dear, said i, to write upon. - write it, said she, simply, upon anything. -
i was just going to cry out, then i will write it, fair girl! upon thy lips. -
if i do, said i, i shall perish; - so i took her by the hand, and led her to the door, and begg’d she would not forget the lesson i had given her. - she said, indeed she would not; - and, as she uttered it with some earnestness, she turn’d about, and gave me both her hands, closed together, into mine; - it was impossible not to compress them in that situation; - i wish’d to let them go; and all the time i held them, i kept arguing within myself against it, - and still i held them on. - in two minutes i found i had all the battle to fight over again; - and i felt my legs and every limb about me tremble at the idea.
the foot of the bed was within a yard and a half of the place where we were standing. - i had still hold of her hands - and how it happened i can give no account; but i neither ask’d her - nor drew her - nor did i think of the bed; - but so it did happen, we both sat down.
i’ll just show you, said the fair fille de chambre, the little purse i have been making to-day to hold your crown.  so she put her hand into her right pocket, which was next me, and felt for it some time - then into the left. - “she had lost it.” - i never bore expectation more quietly; - it was in her right pocket at last; - she pull’d it out; it was of green taffeta, lined with a little bit of white quilted satin, and just big enough to hold the crown: she put it into my hand; - it was pretty; and i held it ten minutes with the back of my hand resting upon her lap - looking sometimes at the purse, sometimes on one side of it.
a stitch or two had broke out in the gathers of my stock; the fair fille de chambre, without saying a word, took out her little housewife, threaded a small needle, and sew’d it up. - i foresaw it would hazard the glory of the day; and, as she pass’d her hand in silence across and across my neck in the manoeuvre, i felt the laurels shake which fancy had wreath’d about my head.
a strap had given way in her walk, and the buckle of her shoe was just falling off. - see, said the fille de chambre, holding up her foot. - i could not, for my soul but fasten the buckle in return, and putting in the strap, - and lifting up the other foot with it, when i had done, to see both were right, - in doing it too suddenly, it unavoidably threw the fair fille de chambre off her centre, - and then -
the conquest.
yes, - and then -.  ye whose clay-cold heads and luke-warm hearts can argue down or mask your passions, tell me, what trespass is it that man should have them? or how his spirit stands answerable to the father of spirits but for his conduct under them?
if nature has so wove her web of kindness, that some threads of love and desire are entangled with the piece, - must the whole web be rent in drawing them out? - whip me such stoics, great governor of nature! said i to myself: - wherever thy providence shall place me for the trials of my virtue; - whatever is my danger, - whatever is my situation, - let me feel the movements which rise out of it, and which belong to me as a man, - and, if i govern them as a good one, i will trust the issues to thy justice; for thou hast made us, and not we ourselves.
as i finished my address, i raised the fair fille de chambre up by the hand, and led her out of the room: - she stood by me till i locked the door and put the key in my pocket, - and then, - the victory being quite decisive - and not till then, i press’d my lips to her cheek, and taking her by the hand again, led her safe to the gate of the hotel.
the mystery.  paris.
if a man knows the heart, he will know it was impossible to go back instantly to my chamber; - it was touching a cold key with a flat third to it upon the close of a piece of music, which had call’d forth my affections: - therefore, when i let go the hand of the fille de chambre, i remained at the gate of the hotel for some time, looking at every one who pass’d by, - and forming conjectures upon them, till my attention got fix’d upon a single object which confounded all kind of reasoning upon him.
it was a tall figure of a philosophic, serious, adust look, which passed and repass’d sedately along the street, making a turn of about sixty paces on each side of the gate of the hotel; - the man was about fifty-two - had a small cane under his arm - was dress’d in a dark drab-colour’d coat, waistcoat, and breeches, which seem’d to have seen some years service: - they were still clean, and there was a little air of frugal propreté throughout him.  by his pulling off his hat, and his attitude of accosting a good many in his way, i saw he was asking charity: so i got a sous or two out of my pocket ready to give him, as he took me in his turn. - he pass’d by me without asking anything - and yet did not go five steps further before he ask’d charity of a little woman. - i was much more likely to have given of the two. - he had scarce done with the woman, when he pull’d off his hat to another who was coming the same way. - an ancient gentleman came slowly - and, after him, a young smart one. - he let them both pass, and ask’d nothing.  i stood observing him half an hour, in which time he had made a dozen turns backwards and forwards, and found that he invariably pursued the same plan.
there were two things very singular in this, which set my brain to work, and to no purpose: - the first was, why the man should only tell his story to the sex; - and, secondly, - what kind of story it was, and what species of eloquence it could be, which soften’d the hearts of the women, which he knew ’twas to no purpose to practise upon the men.
there were two other circumstances, which entangled this mystery; - the one was, he told every woman what he had to say in her ear, and in a way which had much more the air of a secret than a petition; - the other was, it was always successful. - he never stopp’d a woman, but she pull’d out her purse, and immediately gave him something.
i could form no system to explain the phenomenon.
i had got a riddle to amuse me for the rest of the evening; so i walk’d upstairs to my chamber.
the case of conscience.  paris.
i was immediately followed up by the master of the hotel, who came into my room to tell me i must provide lodgings elsewhere. - how so, friend? said i. - he answered, i had had a young woman lock’d up with me two hours that evening in my bedchamber, and ’twas against the rules of his house. - very well, said i, we’ll all part friends then, - for the girl is no worse, - and i am no worse, - and you will be just as i found you. - it was enough, he said, to overthrow the credit of his hotel. - voyez vous, monsieur, said he, pointing to the foot of the bed we had been sitting upon. - i own it had something of the appearance of an evidence; but my pride not suffering me to enter into any detail of the case, i exhorted him to let his soul sleep in peace, as i resolved to let mine do that night, and that i would discharge what i owed him at breakfast.
i should not have minded, monsieur, said he, if you had had twenty girls - ’tis a score more, replied i, interrupting him, than i ever reckon’d upon - provided, added he, it had been but in a morning. - and does the difference of the time of the day at paris make a difference in the sin? - it made a difference, he said, in the scandal. - i like a good distinction in my heart; and cannot say i was intolerably out of temper with the man. - i own it is necessary, resumed the master of the hotel, that a stranger at paris should have the opportunities presented to him of buying lace and silk stockings and ruffles, et tout cela; - and ’tis nothing if a woman comes with a band-box. - o, my conscience! said i, she had one but i never look’d into it. - then monsieur, said he, has bought nothing? - not one earthly thing, replied i. - because, said he, i could recommend one to you who would use you en conscience. - but i must see her this night, said i. - he made me a low bow, and walk’d down.
now shall i triumph over this maître d’hôtel, cried i, - and what then?  then i shall let him see i know he is a dirty fellow. - and what then?  what then? - i was too near myself to say it was for the sake of others. - i had no good answer left; - there was more of spleen than principle in my project, and i was sick of it before the execution.
in a few minutes the grisette came in with her box of lace. - i’ll buy nothing, however, said i, within myself.
the grisette would show me everything. - i was hard to please: she would not seem to see it; she opened her little magazine, and laid all her laces one after another before me; - unfolded and folded them up again one by one with the most patient sweetness. - i might buy, - or not; - she would let me have everything at my own price: - the poor creature seem’d anxious to get a penny; and laid herself out to win me, and not so much in a manner which seem’d artful, as in one i felt simple and caressing.
if there is not a fund of honest gullibility in man, so much the worse; - my heart relented, and i gave up my second resolution as quietly as the first. - why should i chastise one for the trespass of another?  if thou art tributary to this tyrant of an host, thought i, looking up in her face, so much harder is thy bread.
if i had not had more than four louis d’ors in my purse, there was no such thing as rising up and showing her the door, till i had first laid three of them out in a pair of ruffles.
- the master of the hotel will share the profit with her; - no matter, - then i have only paid as many a poor soul has paid before me, for an act he could not do, or think of.
the riddle.  paris.
when la fleur came up to wait upon me at supper, he told me how sorry the master of the hotel was for his affront to me in bidding me change my lodgings.
a man who values a good night’s rest will not lie down with enmity in his heart, if he can help it. - so i bid la fleur tell the master of the hotel, that i was sorry on my side for the occasion i had given him; - and you may tell him, if you will, la fleur, added i, that if the young woman should call again, i shall not see her.
this was a sacrifice not to him, but myself, having resolved, after so narrow an escape, to run no more risks, but to leave paris, if it was possible, with all the virtue i enter’d it.
c’est déroger à noblesse, monsieur, said la fleur, making me a bow down to the ground as he said it. - et encore, monsieur, said he, may change his sentiments; - and if (par hazard) he should like to amuse himself, - i find no amusement in it, said i, interrupting him. -
mon dieu! said la fleur, - and took away.
in an hour’s time he came to put me to bed, and was more than commonly officious: - something hung upon his lips to say to me, or ask me, which he could not get off: i could not conceive what it was, and indeed gave myself little trouble to find it out, as i had another riddle so much more interesting upon my mind, which was that of the man’s asking charity before the door of the hotel. - i would have given anything to have got to the bottom of it; and that, not out of curiosity, - ’tis so low a principle of enquiry, in general, i would not purchase the gratification of it with a two-sous piece; - but a secret, i thought, which so soon and so certainly soften’d the heart of every woman you came near, was a secret at least equal to the philosopher’s stone; had i both the indies, i would have given up one to have been master of it.
i toss’d and turn’d it almost all night long in my brains to no manner of purpose; and when i awoke in the morning, i found my spirits as much troubled with my dreams, as ever the king of babylon had been with his; and i will not hesitate to affirm, it would have puzzled all the wise men of paris as much as those of chaldea to have given its interpretation.
le dimanche.  paris.
it was sunday; and when la fleur came in, in the morning, with my coffee and roll and butter, he had got himself so gallantly array’d, i scarce knew him.
i had covenanted at montreuil to give him a new hat with a silver button and loop, and four louis d’ors, pour s’adoniser, when we got to paris; and the poor fellow, to do him justice, had done wonders with it.
he had bought a bright, clean, good scarlet coat, and a pair of breeches of the same. - they were not a crown worse, he said, for the wearing. - i wish’d him hang’d for telling me. - they look’d so fresh, that though i knew the thing could not be done, yet i would rather have imposed upon my fancy with thinking i had bought them new for the fellow, than that they had come out of the rue de friperie.
this is a nicety which makes not the heart sore at paris.
he had purchased, moreover, a handsome blue satin waistcoat, fancifully enough embroidered: - this was indeed something the worse for the service it had done, but ’twas clean scour’d; - the gold had been touch’d up, and upon the whole was rather showy than otherwise; - and as the blue was not violent, it suited with the coat and breeches very well: he had squeez’d out of the money, moreover, a new bag and a solitaire; and had insisted with the fripier upon a gold pair of garters to his breeches knees. - he had purchased muslin ruffles, bien brodées, with four livres of his own money; - and a pair of white silk stockings for five more; - and to top all, nature had given him a handsome figure, without costing him a sous.
he entered the room thus set off, with his hair dressed in the first style, and with a handsome bouquet in his breast. - in a word, there was that look of festivity in everything about him, which at once put me in mind it was sunday; - and, by combining both together, it instantly struck me, that the favour he wish’d to ask of me the night before, was to spend the day as every body in paris spent it besides.  i had scarce made the conjecture, when la fleur, with infinite humility, but with a look of trust, as if i should not refuse him, begg’d i would grant him the day, pour faire le galant vis-à-vis de sa maîtresse.
now it was the very thing i intended to do myself vis-à-vis madame de r-. - i had retained the remise on purpose for it, and it would not have mortified my vanity to have had a servant so well dress’d as la fleur was, to have got up behind it: i never could have worse spared him.
but we must feel, not argue in these embarrassments. - the sons and daughters of service part with liberty, but not with nature, in their contracts; they are flesh and blood, and have their little vanities and wishes in the midst of the house of bondage, as well as their task-masters; - no doubt, they have set their self-denials at a price, - and their expectations are so unreasonable, that i would often disappoint them, but that their condition puts it so much in my power to do it.
behold, - behold, i am thy servant - disarms me at once of the powers of a master. -
thou shalt go, la fleur! said i.
- and what mistress, la fleur, said i, canst thou have picked up in so little a time at paris?  la fleur laid his hand upon his breast, and said ’twas a petite demoiselle, at monsieur le count de b-’s. - la fleur had a heart made for society; and, to speak the truth of him, let as few occasions slip him as his master; - so that somehow or other, - but how, - heaven knows, - he had connected himself with the demoiselle upon the landing of the staircase, during the time i was taken up with my passport; and as there was time enough for me to win the count to my interest, la fleur had contrived to make it do to win the maid to his.  the family, it seems, was to be at paris that day, and he had made a party with her, and two or three more of the count’s household, upon the boulevards.
happy people! that once a week at least are sure to lay down all your cares together, and dance and sing and sport away the weights of grievance, which bow down the spirit of other nations to the earth.
the fragment.  paris.
la fleur had left me something to amuse myself with for the day more than i had bargain’d for, or could have enter’d either into his head or mine.
he had brought the little print of butter upon a currant leaf: and as the morning was warm, and he had a good step to bring it, he had begg’d a sheet of waste paper to put betwixt the currant leaf and his hand. - as that was plate sufficient, i bade him lay it upon the table as it was; and as i resolved to stay within all day, i ordered him to call upon the traîteur, to bespeak my dinner, and leave me to breakfast by myself.
when i had finished the butter, i threw the currant-leaf out of the window, and was going to do the same by the waste paper; - but stopping to read a line first, and that drawing me on to a second and third, - i thought it better worth; so i shut the window, and drawing a chair up to it, i sat down to read it.
it was in the old french of rabelais’s time, and for aught i know might have been wrote by him: - it was moreover in a gothic letter, and that so faded and gone off by damps and length of time, it cost me infinite trouble to make anything of it. - i threw it down; and then wrote a letter to eugenius; - then i took it up again, and embroiled my patience with it afresh; - and then to cure that, i wrote a letter to eliza. - still it kept hold of me; and the difficulty of understanding it increased but the desire.
i got my dinner; and after i had enlightened my mind with a bottle of burgundy; i at it again, - and, after two or three hours poring upon it, with almost as deep attention as ever gruter or jacob spon did upon a nonsensical inscription, i thought i made sense of it; but to make sure of it, the best way, i imagined, was to turn it into english, and see how it would look then; - so i went on leisurely, as a trifling man does, sometimes writing a sentence, - then taking a turn or two, - and then looking how the world went, out of the window; so that it was nine o’clock at night before i had done it. - i then began and read it as follows.
the fragment.  paris.
- now, as the notary’s wife disputed the point with the notary with too much heat, - i wish, said the notary, (throwing down the parchment) that there was another notary here only to set down and attest all this. -
- and what would you do then, monsieur? said she, rising hastily up. - the notary’s wife was a little fume of a woman, and the notary thought it well to avoid a hurricane by a mild reply. - i would go, answered he, to bed. - you may go to the devil, answer’d the notary’s wife.
now there happening to be but one bed in the house, the other two rooms being unfurnished, as is the custom at paris, and the notary not caring to lie in the same bed with a woman who had but that moment sent him pell mell to the devil, went forth with his hat and cane and short cloak, the night being very windy, and walk’d out, ill at ease, towards the pont neuf.
of all the bridges which ever were built, the whole world who have pass’d over the pont neuf must own, that it is the noblest, - the finest, - the grandest, - the lightest, - the longest, - the broadest, that ever conjoin’d land and land together upon the face of the terraqueous globe.
the worst fault which divines and the doctors of the sorbonne can allege against it is, that if there is but a capfull of wind in or about paris, ’tis more blasphemously sacre dieu’d there than in any other aperture of the whole city, - and with reason good and cogent, messieurs; for it comes against you without crying garde d’eau, and with such unpremeditable puffs, that of the few who cross it with their hats on, not one in fifty but hazards two livres and a half, which is its full worth.
the poor notary, just as he was passing by the sentry, instinctively clapp’d his cane to the side of it, but in raising it up, the point of his cane catching hold of the loop of the sentinel’s hat, hoisted it over the spikes of the ballustrade clear into the seine. -
- ’tis an ill wind, said a boatman, who catched it, which blows nobody any good.
the sentry, being a gascon, incontinently twirled up his whiskers, and levell’d his arquebuss.
arquebusses in those days went off with matches; and an old woman’s paper lantern at the end of the bridge happening to be blown out, she had borrow’d the sentry’s match to light it: - it gave a moment’s time for the gascon’s blood to run cool, and turn the accident better to his advantage. - ’tis an ill wind, said he, catching off the notary’s castor, and legitimating the capture with the boatman’s adage.
the poor notary crossed the bridge, and passing along the rue de dauphine into the fauxbourgs of st. germain, lamented himself as he walked along in this manner: -
luckless man that i am! said the notary, to be the sport of hurricanes all my days: - to be born to have the storm of ill language levell’d against me and my profession wherever i go; to be forced into marriage by the thunder of the church to a tempest of a woman; - to be driven forth out of my house by domestic winds, and despoil’d of my castor by pontific ones! - to be here, bareheaded, in a windy night, at the mercy of the ebbs and flows of accidents! - where am i to lay my head? - miserable man! what wind in the two-and-thirty points of the whole compass can blow unto thee, as it does to the rest of thy fellow-creatures, good?
as the notary was passing on by a dark passage, complaining in this sort, a voice call’d out to a girl, to bid her run for the next notary. - now the notary being the next, and availing himself of his situation, walk’d up the passage to the door, and passing through an old sort of a saloon, was usher’d into a large chamber, dismantled of everything but a long military pike, - a breastplate, - a rusty old sword, and bandoleer, hung up, equidistant, in four different places against the wall.
an old personage who had heretofore been a gentleman, and unless decay of fortune taints the blood along with it, was a gentleman at that time, lay supporting his head upon his hand in his bed; a little table with a taper burning was set close beside it, and close by the table was placed a chair: - the notary sat him down in it; and pulling out his inkhorn and a sheet or two of paper which he had in his pocket, he placed them before him; and dipping his pen in his ink, and leaning his breast over the table, he disposed everything to make the gentleman’s last will and testament
alas!  monsieur le notaire, said the gentleman, raising himself up a little, i have nothing to bequeath, which will pay the expense of bequeathing, except the history of myself, which i could not die in peace, unless i left it as a legacy to the world: the profits arising out of it i bequeath to you for the pains of taking it from me. - it is a story so uncommon, it must be read by all mankind; - it will make the fortunes of your house. - the notary dipp’d his pen into his inkhorn. - almighty director of every event in my life! said the old gentleman, looking up earnestly, and raising his hands towards heaven, - thou, whose hand has led me on through such a labyrinth of strange passages down into this scene of desolation, assist the decaying memory of an old, infirm, and broken-hearted man; - direct my tongue by the spirit of thy eternal truth, that this stranger may set down nought but what is written in that book, from whose records, said he, clasping his hands together, i am to be condemn’d or acquitted! - the notary held up the point of his pen betwixt the taper and his eye. -
it is a story, monsieur le notaire, said the gentleman, which will rouse up every affection in nature; - it will kill the humane, and touch the heart of cruelty herself with pity. -
- the notary was inflamed with a desire to begin, and put his pen a third time into his ink-horn - and the old gentleman, turning a little more towards the notary, began to dictate his story in these words: -
- and where is the rest of it, la fleur? said i, as he just then enter’d the room.
the fragment, and the bouquet.  paris.
when la fleur came up close to the table, and was made to comprehend what i wanted, he told me there were only two other sheets of it, which he had wrapped round the stalks of a bouquet to keep it together, which he had presented to the demoiselle upon the boulevards. - then prithee, la fleur, said i, step back to her to the count de b-’s hotel, and see if thou canst get it. - there is no doubt of it, said la fleur; - and away he flew.
in a very little time the poor fellow came back quite out of breath, with deeper marks of disappointment in his looks than could arise from the simple irreparability of the fragment.  juste ciel! in less than two minutes that the poor fellow had taken his last tender farewell of her - his faithless mistress had given his gage d’amour to one of the count’s footmen, - the footman to a young sempstress, - and the sempstress to a fiddler, with my fragment at the end of it. - our misfortunes were involved together: - i gave a sigh, - and la fleur echoed it back again to my ear.
- how perfidious! cried la fleur. - how unlucky! said i.
- i should not have been mortified, monsieur, quoth la fleur, if she had lost it. - nor i, la fleur, said i, had i found it.
whether i did or no will be seen hereafter.
the act of charity.  paris.
the man who either disdains or fears to walk up a dark entry may be an excellent good man, and fit for a hundred things, but he will not do to make a good sentimental traveller. - i count little of the many things i see pass at broad noonday, in large and open streets. - nature is shy, and hates to act before spectators; but in such an unobserved corner you sometimes see a single short scene of hers worth all the sentiments of a dozen french plays compounded together, - and yet they are absolutely fine; - and whenever i have a more brilliant affair upon my hands than common, as they suit a preacher just as well as a hero, i generally make my sermon out of ’em; - and for the text, - “cappadocia, pontus and asia, phrygia and pamphylia,” - is as good as any one in the bible.
there is a long dark passage issuing out from the opera comique into a narrow street; ’tis trod by a few who humbly wait for a fiacre, or wish to get off quietly o’foot when the opera is done.  at the end of it, towards the theatre, ’tis lighted by a small candle, the light of which is almost lost before you get half-way down, but near the door - ’tis more for ornament than use: you see it as a fixed star of the least magnitude; it burns, - but does little good to the world, that we know of.
in returning along this passage, i discerned, as i approached within five or six paces of the door, two ladies standing arm-in-arm with their backs against the wall, waiting, as i imagined, for a fiacre; - as they were next the door, i thought they had a prior right; so edged myself up within a yard or little more of them, and quietly took my stand. - i was in black, and scarce seen.
the lady next me was a tall lean figure of a woman, of about thirty-six; the other of the same size and make, of about forty: there was no mark of wife or widow in any one part of either of them; - they seem’d to be two upright vestal sisters, unsapped by caresses, unbroke in upon by tender salutations. - i could have wish’d to have made them happy: - their happiness was destin’d that night, to come from another quarter.
a low voice, with a good turn of expression, and sweet cadence at the end of it, begg’d for a twelve-sous piece betwixt them, for the love of heaven.  i thought it singular that a beggar should fix the quota of an alms - and that the sum should be twelve times as much as what is usually given in the dark. - they both seemed astonished at it as much as myself. - twelve sous! said one. - a twelve-sous piece! said the other, - and made no reply.
the poor man said, he knew not how to ask less of ladies of their rank; and bow’d down his head to the ground.
poo! said they, - we have no money.
the beggar remained silent for a moment or two, and renew’d his supplication.
- do not, my fair young ladies, said he, stop your good ears against me. - upon my word, honest man! said the younger, we have no change. - then god bless you, said the poor man, and multiply those joys which you can give to others without change! - i observed the elder sister put her hand into her pocket. - i’ll see, said she, if i have a sous.  a sous! give twelve, said the supplicant; nature has been bountiful to you, be bountiful to a poor man.
- i would friend, with all my heart, said the younger, if i had it.
my fair charitable! said he, addressing himself to the elder, - what is it but your goodness and humanity which makes your bright eyes so sweet, that they outshine the morning even in this dark passage? and what was it which made the marquis de santerre and his brother say so much of you both as they just passed by?
the two ladies seemed much affected; and impulsively, at the same time they both put their hands into their pocket, and each took out a twelve-sous piece.
the contest betwixt them and the poor supplicant was no more; - it was continued betwixt themselves, which of the two should give the twelve-sous piece in charity; - and, to end the dispute, they both gave it together, and the man went away.
the riddle explained.  paris.
i stepped hastily after him: it was the very man whose success in asking charity of the women before the door of the hotel had so puzzled me; - and i found at once his secret, or at least the basis of it: - ’twas flattery.
delicious essence! how refreshing art thou to nature! how strongly are all its powers and all its weaknesses on thy side! how sweetly dost thou mix with the blood, and help it through the most difficult and tortuous passages to the heart!
the poor man, as he was not straiten’d for time, had given it here in a larger dose: ’tis certain he had a way of bringing it into a less form, for the many sudden cases he had to do with in the streets: but how he contrived to correct, sweeten, concentre, and qualify it, - i vex not my spirit with the enquiry; - it is enough the beggar gained two twelve-sous pieces - and they can best tell the rest, who have gained much greater matters by it.
paris.
we get forwards in the world, not so much by doing services, as receiving them; you take a withering twig, and put it in the ground; and then you water it, because you have planted it.
monsieur le count de b-, merely because he had done me one kindness in the affair of my passport, would go on and do me another, the few days he was at paris, in making me known to a few people of rank; and they were to present me to others, and so on.
i had got master of my secret just in time to turn these honours to some little account; otherwise, as is commonly the case, i should have dined or supp’d a single time or two round, and then, by translating french looks and attitudes into plain english, i should presently have seen, that i had hold of the couvert of some more entertaining guest; and in course should have resigned all my places one after another, merely upon the principle that i could not keep them. - as it was, things did not go much amiss.
i had the honour of being introduced to the old marquis de b-: in days of yore he had signalized himself by some small feats of chivalry in the cour d’amour, and had dress’d himself out to the idea of tilts and tournaments ever since. - the marquis de b- wish’d to have it thought the affair was somewhere else than in his brain.  “he could like to take a trip to england,” and asked much of the english ladies. - stay where you are, i beseech you, monsieur le marquis, said i. - les messieurs anglois can scarce get a kind look from them as it is. - the marquis invited me to supper.
monsieur p-, the farmer-general, was just as inquisitive about our taxes.  they were very considerable, he heard. - if we knew but how to collect them, said i, making him a low bow.
i could never have been invited to mons. p-’s concerts upon any other terms.
i had been misrepresented to madame de q- as an esprit. - madame de q- was an esprit herself: she burnt with impatience to see me, and hear me talk.  i had not taken my seat, before i saw she did not care a sous whether i had any wit or no; - i was let in, to be convinced she had.  i call heaven to witness i never once opened the door of my lips.
madame de v- vow’d to every creature she met - “she had never had a more improving conversation with a man in her life.”
there are three epochas in the empire of a french woman. - she is coquette, - then deist, - then dévote: the empire during these is never lost, - she only changes her subjects when thirty-five years and more have unpeopled her dominion of the slaves of love, she re-peoples it with slaves of infidelity, - and then with the slaves of the church.
madame de v- was vibrating betwixt the first of those epochas: the colour of the rose was fading fast away; - she ought to have been a deist five years before the time i had the honour to pay my first visit.
she placed me upon the same sofa with her, for the sake of disputing the point of religion more closely. - in short madame de v- told me she believed nothing. - i told madame de v- it might be her principle, but i was sure it could not be her interest to level the outworks, without which i could not conceive how such a citadel as hers could be defended; - that there was not a more dangerous thing in the world than for a beauty to be a deist; - that it was a debt i owed my creed not to conceal it from her; - that i had not been five minutes sat upon the sofa beside her, but i had begun to form designs; - and what is it, but the sentiments of religion, and the persuasion they had excited in her breast, which could have check’d them as they rose up?
we are not adamant, said i, taking hold of her hand; - and there is need of all restraints, till age in her own time steals in and lays them on us. - but my dear lady, said i, kissing her hand, - ’tis too - too soon.
i declare i had the credit all over paris of unperverting madame de v-. - she affirmed to monsieur d- and the abbé m-, that in one half hour i had said more for revealed religion, than all their encyclopaedia had said against it. - i was listed directly into madame de v-’s coterie; - and she put off the epocha of deism for two years.
i remember it was in this coterie, in the middle of a discourse, in which i was showing the necessity of a first cause, when the young count de faineant took me by the hand to the farthest corner of the room, to tell me my solitaire was pinn’d too straight about my neck. - it should be plus badinant, said the count, looking down upon his own; - but a word, monsieur yorick, to the wise -
and from the wise, monsieur le count, replied i, making him a bow, - is enough.
the count de faineant embraced me with more ardour than ever i was embraced by mortal man.
for three weeks together i was of every man’s opinion i met. - pardi! ce monsieur yorick a autant d’esprit que nous autres. - il raisonne bien, said another. - c’est un bon enfant, said a third. - and at this price i could have eaten and drank and been merry all the days of my life at paris; but ’twas a dishonest reckoning; - i grew ashamed of it. - it was the gain of a slave; - every sentiment of honour revolted against it; - the higher i got, the more was i forced upon my beggarly system; - the better the coterie, - the more children of art; - i languish’d for those of nature: and one night, after a most vile prostitution of myself to half a dozen different people, i grew sick, - went to bed; - order’d la fleur to get me horses in the morning to set out for italy.
maria.  moulines.
i never felt what the distress of plenty was in any one shape till now, - to travel it through the bourbonnois, the sweetest part of france, - in the heyday of the vintage, when nature is pouring her abundance into every one’s lap, and every eye is lifted up, - a journey, through each step of which music beats time to labour, and all her children are rejoicing as they carry in their clusters: to pass through this with my affections flying out, and kindling at every group before me, - and every one of them was pregnant with adventures. -
just heaven! - it would fill up twenty volumes; - and alas! i have but a few small pages left of this to crowd it into, - and half of these must be taken up with the poor maria my friend, mr. shandy, met with near moulines.
the story he had told of that disordered maid affected me not a little in the reading; but when i got within the neighbourhood where she lived, it returned so strong into the mind, that i could not resist an impulse which prompted me to go half a league out of the road, to the village where her parents dwelt, to enquire after her.
’tis going, i own, like the knight of the woeful countenance in quest of melancholy adventures.  but i know not how it is, but i am never so perfectly conscious of the existence of a soul within me, as when i am entangled in them.
the old mother came to the door; her looks told me the story before she open’d her mouth. - she had lost her husband; he had died, she said, of anguish, for the loss of maria’s senses, about a month before. - she had feared at first, she added, that it would have plunder’d her poor girl of what little understanding was left; - but, on the contrary, it had brought her more to herself: - still, she could not rest. - her poor daughter, she said, crying, was wandering somewhere about the road.
why does my pulse beat languid as i write this? and what made la fleur, whose heart seem’d only to be tuned to joy, to pass the back of his hand twice across his eyes, as the woman stood and told it?  i beckoned to the postilion to turn back into the road.
when we had got within half a league of moulines, at a little opening in the road leading to a thicket, i discovered poor maria sitting under a poplar.  she was sitting with her elbow in her lap, and her head leaning on one side within her hand: - a small brook ran at the foot of the tree.
i bid the postilion go on with the chaise to moulines - and la fleur to bespeak my supper; - and that i would walk after him.
she was dress’d in white, and much as my friend described her, except that her hair hung loose, which before was twisted within a silk net. - she had superadded likewise to her jacket, a pale green riband, which fell across her shoulder to the waist; at the end of which hung her pipe. - her goat had been as faithless as her lover; and she had got a little dog in lieu of him, which she had kept tied by a string to her girdle: as i looked at her dog, she drew him towards her with the string. - “thou shalt not leave me, sylvio,” said she.  i look’d in maria’s eyes and saw she was thinking more of her father than of her lover, or her little goat; for, as she utter’d them, the tears trickled down her cheeks.
i sat down close by her; and maria let me wipe them away as they fell, with my handkerchief. - i then steep’d it in my own, - and then in hers, - and then in mine, - and then i wip’d hers again; - and as i did it, i felt such undescribable emotions within me, as i am sure could not be accounted for from any combinations of matter and motion.
i am positive i have a soul; nor can all the books with which materialists have pester’d the world ever convince me to the contrary.
maria.
when maria had come a little to herself, i ask’d her if she remembered a pale thin person of a man, who had sat down betwixt her and her goat about two years before?  she said she was unsettled much at that time, but remembered it upon two accounts: - that ill as she was, she saw the person pitied her; and next, that her goat had stolen his handkerchief, and she had beat him for the theft; - she had wash’d it, she said, in the brook, and kept it ever since in her pocket to restore it to him in case she should ever see him again, which, she added, he had half promised her.  as she told me this, she took the handkerchief out of her pocket to let me see it; she had folded it up neatly in a couple of vine leaves, tied round with a tendril; - on opening it, i saw an s. marked in one of the corners.
she had since that, she told me, stray’d as far as rome, and walk’d round st. peter’s once, - and return’d back; - that she found her way alone across the apennines; - had travell’d over all lombardy, without money, - and through the flinty roads of savoy without shoes: - how she had borne it, and how she had got supported, she could not tell; - but god tempers the wind, said maria, to the shorn lamb.
shorn indeed! and to the quick, said i: and wast thou in my own land, where i have a cottage, i would take thee to it, and shelter thee: thou shouldst eat of my own bread and drink of my own cup; - i would be kind to thy sylvio; - in all thy weaknesses and wanderings i would seek after thee and bring thee back; - when the sun went down i would say my prayers: and when i had done thou shouldst play thy evening song upon thy pipe, nor would the incense of my sacrifice be worse accepted for entering heaven along with that of a broken heart!
nature melted within me, as i utter’d this; and maria observing, as i took out my handkerchief, that it was steep’d too much already to be of use, would needs go wash it in the stream. - and where will you dry it, maria? said i. - i’ll dry it in my bosom, said she: - ’twill do me good.
and is your heart still so warm, maria? said i.
i touch’d upon the string on which hung all her sorrows: - she look’d with wistful disorder for some time in my face; and then, without saying any thing, took her pipe and play’d her service to the virgin. - the string i had touched ceased to vibrate; - in a moment or two maria returned to herself, - let her pipe fall, - and rose up.
and where are you going, maria? said i. - she said, to moulines. - let us go, said i, together. - maria put her arm within mine, and lengthening the string, to let the dog follow, - in that order we enter’d moulines.
maria.  moulines.
though i hate salutations and greetings in the market-place, yet, when we got into the middle of this, i stopp’d to take my last look and last farewell of maria.
maria, though not tall, was nevertheless of the first order of fine forms: - affliction had touched her looks with something that was scarce earthly; - still she was feminine; - and so much was there about her of all that the heart wishes, or the eye looks for in woman, that could the traces be ever worn out of her brain, and those of eliza out of mine, she should not only eat of my bread and drink of my own cup, but maria should lie in my bosom, and be unto me as a daughter.
adieu, poor luckless maiden! - imbibe the oil and wine which the compassion of a stranger, as he journeyeth on his way, now pours into thy wounds; - the being, who has twice bruised thee, can only bind them up for ever.
the bourbonnnois.
there was nothing from which i had painted out for my self so joyous a riot of the affections, as in this journey in the vintage, through this part of france; but pressing through this gate, of sorrow to it, my sufferings have totally unfitted me.  in every scene of festivity, i saw maria in the background of the piece, sitting pensive under her poplar; and i had got almost to lyons before i was able to cast a shade across her.
- dear sensibility! source inexhausted of all that’s precious in our joys, or costly in our sorrows! thou chainest thy martyr down upon his bed of straw - and ’tis thou who lift’st him up to heaven! - eternal fountain of our feelings! - ’tis here i trace thee - and this is thy “divinity which stirs within me;” - not that, in some sad and sickening moments, “my soul shrinks back upon herself, and startles at destruction;” - mere pomp of words! - but that i feel some generous joys and generous cares beyond myself; - all comes from thee, great - great sensorium of the world! which vibrates, if a hair of our heads but falls upon the ground, in the remotest desert of thy creation. - touch’d with thee, eugenius draws my curtain when i languish - hears my tale of symptoms, and blames the weather for the disorder of his nerves.  thou giv’st a portion of it sometimes to the roughest peasant who traverses the bleakest mountains; - he finds the lacerated lamb of another’s flock. - this moment i behold him leaning with his head against his crook, with piteous inclination looking down upon it! - oh! had i come one moment sooner! it bleeds to death! - his gentle heart bleeds with it. -
peace to thee, generous swain! - i see thou walkest off with anguish, - but thy joys shall balance it; - for, happy is thy cottage, - and happy is the sharer of it, - and happy are the lambs which sport about you!
the supper.
a shoe coming loose from the fore foot of the thill-horse, at the beginning of the ascent of mount taurira, the postilion dismounted, twisted the shoe off, and put it in his pocket; as the ascent was of five or six miles, and that horse our main dependence, i made a point of having the shoe fastened on again, as well as we could; but the postilion had thrown away the nails, and the hammer in the chaise box being of no great use without them, i submitted to go on.
he had not mounted half a mile higher, when, coming to a flinty piece of road, the poor devil lost a second shoe, and from off his other fore foot.  i then got out of the chaise in good earnest; and seeing a house about a quarter of a mile to the left hand, with a great deal to do i prevailed upon the postilion to turn up to it.  the look of the house, and of every thing about it, as we drew nearer, soon reconciled me to the disaster. - it was a little farm-house, surrounded with about twenty acres of vineyard, about as much corn; - and close to the house, on one side, was a potagerie of an acre and a half, full of everything which could make plenty in a french peasant’s house; - and, on the other side, was a little wood, which furnished wherewithal to dress it.  it was about eight in the evening when i got to the house - so i left the postilion to manage his point as he could; - and, for mine, i walked directly into the house.
the family consisted of an old grey-headed man and his wife, with five or six sons and sons-in-law, and their several wives, and a joyous genealogy out of them.
they were all sitting down together to their lentil-soup; a large wheaten loaf was in the middle of the table; and a flagon of wine at each end of it promised joy through the stages of the repast: - ’twas a feast of love.
the old man rose up to meet me, and with a respectful cordiality would have me sit down at the table; my heart was set down the moment i enter’d the room; so i sat down at once like a son of the family; and to invest myself in the character as speedily as i could, i instantly borrowed the old man’s knife, and taking up the loaf, cut myself a hearty luncheon; and, as i did it, i saw a testimony in every eye, not only of an honest welcome, but of a welcome mix’d with thanks that i had not seem’d to doubt it.
was it this? or tell me, nature, what else it was that made this morsel so sweet, - and to what magic i owe it, that the draught i took of their flagon was so delicious with it, that they remain upon my palate to this hour?
if the supper was to my taste, - the grace which followed it was much more so.
the grace.
when supper was over, the old man gave a knock upon the table with the haft of his knife, to bid them prepare for the dance: the moment the signal was given, the women and girls ran altogether into a back apartment to tie up their hair, - and the young men to the door to wash their faces, and change their sabots; and in three minutes every soul was ready upon a little esplanade before the house to begin. - the old man and his wife came out last, and placing me betwixt them, sat down upon a sofa of turf by the door.
the old man had some fifty years ago been no mean performer upon the vielle, - and at the age he was then of, touch’d it well enough for the purpose.  his wife sung now and then a little to the tune, - then intermitted, - and join’d her old man again, as their children and grand-children danced before them.
it was not till the middle of the second dance, when, from some pauses in the movements, wherein they all seemed to look up, i fancied i could distinguish an elevation of spirit different from that which is the cause or the effect of simple jollity.  in a word, i thought i beheld religion mixing in the dance: - but, as i had never seen her so engaged, i should have look’d upon it now as one of the illusions of an imagination which is eternally misleading me, had not the old man, as soon as the dance ended, said, that this was their constant way; and that all his life long he had made it a rule, after supper was over, to call out his family to dance and rejoice; believing, he said, that a cheerful and contented mind was the best sort of thanks to heaven that an illiterate peasant could pay, -
or a learned prelate either, said i.
the case of delicacy.
when you have gained the top of mount taurira, you run presently down to lyons: - adieu, then, to all rapid movements!  ’tis a journey of caution; and it fares better with sentiments, not to be in a hurry with them; so i contracted with a voiturin to take his time with a couple of mules, and convoy me in my own chaise safe to turin, through savoy.
poor, patient, quiet, honest people! fear not: your poverty, the treasury of your simple virtues, will not be envied you by the world, nor will your valleys be invaded by it. - nature! in the midst of thy disorders, thou art still friendly to the scantiness thou hast created: with all thy great works about thee, little hast thou left to give, either to the scythe or to the sickle; - but to that little thou grantest safety and protection; and sweet are the dwellings which stand so shelter’d.
let the way-worn traveller vent his complaints upon the sudden turns and dangers of your roads, - your rocks, - your precipices; - the difficulties of getting up, - the horrors of getting down, - mountains impracticable, - and cataracts, which roll down great stones from their summits, and block his road up. - the peasants had been all day at work in removing a fragment of this kind between st. michael and madane; and, by the time my voiturin got to the place, it wanted full two hours of completing before a passage could any how be gain’d: there was nothing but to wait with patience; - ’twas a wet and tempestuous night; so that by the delay, and that together, the voiturin found himself obliged to put up five miles short of his stage at a little decent kind of an inn by the roadside.
i forthwith took possession of my bedchamber - got a good fire - order’d supper; and was thanking heaven it was no worse, when a voiture arrived with a lady in it and her servant maid.
as there was no other bed-chamber in the house, the hostess, - without much nicety, led them into mine, telling them, as she usher’d them in, that there was nobody in it but an english gentleman; - that there were two good beds in it, and a closet within the room which held another.  the accent in which she spoke of this third bed, did not say much for it; - however, she said there were three beds and but three people, and she durst say, the gentleman would do anything to accommodate matters. - i left not the lady a moment to make a conjecture about it - so instantly made a declaration that i would do anything in my power.
as this did not amount to an absolute surrender of my bed-chamber, i still felt myself so much the proprietor, as to have a right to do the honours of it; - so i desired the lady to sit down, - pressed her into the warmest seat, - called for more wood, - desired the hostess to enlarge the plan of the supper, and to favour us with the very best wine.
the lady had scarce warm’d herself five minutes at the fire, before she began to turn her head back, and give a look at the beds; and the oftener she cast her eyes that way, the more they return’d perplexd; - i felt for her - and for myself: for in a few minutes, what by her looks, and the case itself, i found myself as much embarrassed as it was possible the lady could be herself.
that the beds we were to lie in were in one and the same room, was enough simply by itself to have excited all this; - but the position of them, for they stood parallel, and so very close to each other as only to allow space for a small wicker chair betwixt them, rendered the affair still more oppressive to us; - they were fixed up moreover near the fire; and the projection of the chimney on one side, and a large beam which cross’d the room on the other, formed a kind of recess for them that was no way favourable to the nicety of our sensations: - if anything could have added to it, it was that the two beds were both of them so very small, as to cut us off from every idea of the lady and the maid lying together; which in either of them, could it have been feasible, my lying beside them, though a thing not to be wish’d, yet there was nothing in it so terrible which the imagination might not have pass’d over without torment.
as for the little room within, it offer’d little or no consolation to us: ’twas a damp, cold closet, with a half dismantled window-shutter, and with a window which had neither glass nor oil paper in it to keep out the tempest of the night.  i did not endeavour to stifle my cough when the lady gave a peep into it; so it reduced the case in course to this alternative - that the lady should sacrifice her health to her feelings, and take up with the closet herself, and abandon the bed next mine to her maid, - or that the girl should take the closet, &c., &c.
the lady was a piedmontese of about thirty, with a glow of health in her cheeks.  the maid was a lyonoise of twenty, and as brisk and lively a french girl as ever moved. - there were difficulties every way, - and the obstacle of the stone in the road, which brought us into the distress, great as it appeared whilst the peasants were removing it, was but a pebble to what lay in our ways now. - i have only to add, that it did not lessen the weight which hung upon our spirits, that we were both too delicate to communicate what we felt to each other upon the occasion.
we sat down to supper; and had we not had more generous wine to it than a little inn in savoy could have furnish’d, our tongues had been tied up, till necessity herself had set them at liberty; - but the lady having a few bottles of burgundy in her voiture, sent down her fille de chambre for a couple of them; so that by the time supper was over, and we were left alone, we felt ourselves inspired with a strength of mind sufficient to talk, at least, without reserve upon our situation.  we turn’d it every way, and debated and considered it in all kinds of lights in the course of a two hours’ negotiation; at the end of which the articles were settled finally betwixt us, and stipulated for in form and manner of a treaty of peace, - and i believe with as much religion and good faith on both sides as in any treaty which has yet had the honour of being handed down to posterity.
they were as follow: -
first, as the right of the bed-chamber is in monsieur, - and he thinking the bed next to the fire to be the warmest, he insists upon the concession on the lady’s side of taking up with it.
granted, on the part of madame; with a proviso, that as the curtains of that bed are of a flimsy transparent cotton, and appear likewise too scanty to draw close, that the fille de chambre shall fasten up the opening, either by corking pins, or needle and thread, in such manner as shall be deem’d a sufficient barrier on the side of monsieur.
2dly.  it is required on the part of madame, that monsieur shall lie the whole night through in his robe de chambre.
rejected: inasmuch as monsieur is not worth a robe de chambre; he having nothing in his portmanteau but six shirts and a black silk pair of breeches.
the mentioning the silk pair of breeches made an entire change of the article, - for the breeches were accepted as an equivalent for the robe de chambre; and so it was stipulated and agreed upon, that i should lie in my black silk breeches all night.
3dly.  it was insisted upon and stipulated for by the lady, that after monsieur was got to bed, and the candle and fire extinguished, that monsieur should not speak one single word the whole night.
granted; provided monsieur’s saying his prayers might not be deemed an infraction of the treaty.
there was but one point forgot in this treaty, and that was the manner in which the lady and myself should be obliged to undress and get to bed; - there was but one way of doing it, and that i leave to the reader to devise; protesting as i do it, that if it is not the most delicate in nature, ’tis the fault of his own imagination, - against which this is not my first complaint.
now, when we were got to bed, whether it was the novelty of the situation, or what it was, i know not; but so it was, i could not shut my eyes; i tried this side, and that, and turn’d and turn’d again, till a full hour after midnight; when nature and patience both wearing out, - o, my god! said i.
- you have broke the treaty, monsieur, said the lady, who had no more slept than myself. - i begg’d a thousand pardons - but insisted it was no more than an ejaculation.  she maintained ’twas an entire infraction of the treaty - i maintained it was provided for in the clause of the third article.
the lady would by no means give up her point, though she weaken’d her barrier by it; for in the warmth of the dispute, i could hear two or three corking pins fall out of the curtain to the ground.
upon my word and honour, madame, said i, - stretching my arm out of bed by way of asseveration. -
(i was going to have added, that i would not have trespassed against the remotest idea of decorum for the world); -
but the fille de chambre hearing there were words between us, and fearing that hostilities would ensue in course, had crept silently out of her closet, and it being totally dark, had stolen so close to our beds, that she had got herself into the narrow passage which separated them, and had advanced so far up as to be in a line betwixt her mistress and me: -
so that when i stretch’d out my hand i caught hold of the fille de chambre’s -

--- Outkast - Elevators (Me & You) ---
one for the money, yes, sir, two for the show
a couple of years ago on headland and delowe
was the start of something good
where me and my nigga rode the marta through the hood
just tryna find that hookup
now, every day, we looked up at the ceiling (yuh)
watching ceiling fans go 'round, tryna catch that feeling off instrumentals
had my pencil, and plus, my paper
we caught the 86 lithonia, headed to decatur
writing rhymes, tryna find our spot off in that light
light off in that spot, knowing that we could rock
doing the hole-in-the-wall clubs, this shit here must stop
like, "freeze!" we making the crowd move, but we not making no g's, and that's a no-no
yeah, uh
check it, a-one-two, a-one
"two dope niggas in the cadillac," they call us
went from "player's ball" to ballers
putting the south up on the map was like little rock to banging
niggas say, "motherfuck that playin'," they payin', we stayin', layin' vocals
locales done made it with them big boys up in this industry
"outkast, yeah, them niggas, they making big noise"
over a million sold to this day; niggas, they take it lightly
'96 gon' be that year that all y'all player-haters can bite me
i'm out this bitch
me and you
your momma and your cousin, too
rolling down the strip on vogues
coming up, slamming cadillac doors
me and you
your momma and your cousin, too
rolling down the strip on vogues
coming up, slamming cadillac doors
uh
back in the day, when i was younger, hunger
looking to fill me belly with that rallys, bullshit
pull shit off, like it was supposed to be pulled
full as a tick, i was stoned like them white boys
smoking them white girls before them blunts got crunk
chunky asses, passes getting throwed like hail marys
and they looking like halle berrys
so, so fine, intertwined, but we ain't sipping wine
we's just chilling, i'm the rabid villain, and i'm so high
smoking freely, me, lil b, reek, mone and shug
and my little brother, james, things changed in the hood
where i live at, them rats know, "momma, i want to sing
but, momma, i want to trick (trick), and momma, i'm sucking dicks, now"
we moving on up in the world like elevators
me and the crew, we pimps like '82
me and you like tony! toni! tone! (yeah)
yeah
like this, east point and we gone
me and you
your momma and your cousin, too
rolling down the strip on vogues
coming up, slamming cadillac doors
me and you
your momma and your cousin, too
rolling down the strip on vogues
coming up, slamming cadillac doors
got stopped at the mall the other day
heard a call from the other way that i just came from ("ayy")
some nigga was saying something
talking 'bout smoke something
"hey, man, you remember me from school?" "no, not really"
but he kept smiling like a clown, facial expression looking silly
and he kept asking me, "what kinda car you drive?
i know you paid, i know y'all got beaucoup of hoes
from all them songs that y'all done made"
and i replied that i'd been going through the same things that he has
true, i've got more fans than the average man
but not enough loot to last me to the end of the week
i live by the beat like you live check-to-check
if it don't move your feet, then, i don't eat, so we like neck-to-neck
yes, we done come a long way like them slim-ass cigarettes
from virginia, this ain't gon' stop, so we just gon' continue
me and you
your momma and your cousin, too
rolling down the strip on vogues
coming up, slamming cadillac doors
me and you
your momma and your cousin, too
rolling down the strip on vogues
coming up, slamming cadillac doors
me and you
your momma and your cousin, too
rolling down the strip on vogues
coming up, slamming cadillac doors
me and you
your momma and your cousin, too
rolling down the strip on vogues
coming up, slamming cadillac doors
me and you

--- Common - The Corner ---
uh, uh, uh, uh-uh-uh
uh, uh, uh, uh-uh-uh
uh, uh, uh, uh-uh-uh
uh, uh, uh, uh-uh-uh
memories on corners with the fo's and the mo's
walk to the store for the rolls, talkin' straightforward to hoes
got uncles that smoke, and some put blow up they nose
to cope with the lows, the wind is cold and it blows
in they socks and they soles, niggas holdin' they rolls
corners leave souls opened and closed, hopin' for mo'
with nowhere to go, niggas rollin' in droves
they shoot the wrong way, 'cause they ain't knowin' they goals
the streets ain't safe, 'cause they ain't knowin' the code
by the foes, i was told: "either focus or fold"
got cousins with flows, hope they open some doors
so we can cop clothes and roll in a rolls
now i roll in a olds, with windows that don't roll
down the roads where cars get broken and stole
these are the stories told by stony and cottage grove
the world is cold, the block is hot as a stove
on the corners
i wish i could give you this feelin'
i wish i could give you this feelin', uh-uh, uh-uh-uh
uh-uh-ugh, on the corners, niggas robbin', killin', dying
just to make a living – huh?! (huh?)
we overstated, we underrated, we educated
the corner was our time when time stood still, in
gators and snakeskins, in
yellow and pink, and
collared blue profiles glorifying them
street lights and deep nights, cats tryin' to eat right
ridin' no-seat-bikes, with work to feed hypes
so they can keep sweet nike's, they head and they feet right
desires of street life, cars and weed types
it's hard to breathe nights, days are thief-like
the beast roam the streets, the police is greek-like
game at its peak, we speak and believe hype
bang in the streets, hats cocked left or deep right
it's steep life, coming up where niggas is sheep-like
rappers and hoopers, we strive to be like
g's with three stripes, seeds that need light
cheese and recite, needs, it be strife
the corner, where struggle and greed fight
we write songs about wrong, 'cause it's hard to see right
look to the sky, hopin' it will bleed light
reality's a bitch, and i heard that she bites
the corner
i wish i could give you this feelin'
i wish i could give you this feelin', uh-uh, uh-uh-uh
uh-uh-ugh, on the corners, niggas robbin', killin', dying
just to make a living – huh?! (huh?)
the corner was our magic, 
our music, our politics
fires raised, as
tribal dances and war cries
broke out on different corners
power to the people!
black power! black is beautiful!
black church services, murderers, arabs servin' burgers
as cats with gold permanents move they bags as herbalists
the dirt isn't just fertile, it's people workin' and earnin' this
the curb-getters go where the cash flow and the current is
it's so hot that niggas burn to live
the furnace is–where the money move and the determined live
we talk shit, play lotto, and buy german beers
it's so black, packed with action that's affirmative
the corners
i wish i could give you this feelin'
i wish i could give you this feelin', uh-uh, uh-uh-uh
uh-uh-ugh, on the corners, niggas robbin', killin', dying
just to make a living – huh?! (huh?)
the corner was our rock of gibraltar, our stonehenge
our taj mahal, our monument
our testimonial to freedom, to peace, and to love
down on the corner

--- Lupe Fiasco - Kick, Push ---
ugh! (woo!)
what up, y'all? yeah
(soundtrakk, what's poppin', baby?)
woo! (ugh)
if y'all ain't know
i go by the name of lupe fiasco
(kick, push, coast)
representing that 1st & 15th, yeah, uh (coast to coast)
and this one right here (woo!)
i dedicate this one right here (uprise...)
to all my homies out there grinding (what up?)
you know what i'm saying? legally and illegally, haha
you know what i'm talking about? (woo!)
so, check it out, uh
first got it when he was six, didn't know any tricks
matter of fact, first time he got on it, he slipped
landed on his hip and busted his lip
for a week he had to talk with a lisp, like thisss... (ugh)
now we can end the story right here
but shorty didn't quit, it was something in the air (ugh)
yeah, he said it was something so appealing
he couldn't fight the feeling, something about it
he knew he couldn't doubt it, couldn't understand it
branded, since the first kickflip he landed, ugh (woo)
labeled a misfit, a bandit
ka-kunk, ka-kunk, ka-kunk
his neighbors couldn't stand it, so—
he was banished to the park
started in the morning, wouldn't stop 'til after dark, yeah
when they said "it's getting late in here
so i'm sorry, young man, there's no skating here"
and so he kick, push, kick, push
kick, push, kick, push; coast...
and away he rolled
just a rebel to the world with no place to go
and so he kick, push, kick, push
kick, push, kick, push; coast...
so come and skate with me
just a rebel looking for a place to be
so let's kick... (ugh)
and push (y-yeah, y-yeah-yeah)
and coast
uh, uh, uh (y-yeah, y-yeah-yeah)
my man got a little older, became a better roller
yeah, no helmet, "hell-bent on killing himself"—
is what his mama said, but he was feeling himself
got a little more swagger in his style
met his girlfriend, she was clapping in the crowd
love is what-what was happening to him now, ugh!
he said "i would marry you
but i'm engaged to these aerials and varials
and i don't think this board is strong enough to carry two"
she said, "bow! i weigh a hundred and twenty pounds" (woo!)
"now, let me make one thing clear
i don't need to ride yours, i got mine right here"
so she took him to a spot he didn't know about
some modern apartment parking lot
she said, "i don't normally take dates in here"
security came and said, "i'm sorry, there's no skating here"
and so they kick, push, kick, push
kick, push, kick, push, coast
and away they roll
just lovers intertwined with no place to go
and so they kick, push, kick, push
kick, push, kick, push, coast
so come and skate with me
just a rebel looking for a place to be
so let's kick (ugh, ugh)
and push, yeah, yeah (woo, woo)
and coast (yeah, ugh!)
(haha, swanky)
yeah, yeah!
before he knew, he had a crew that wasn't no punk
in they spitfire shirts and sb dunks
they would push 'til they couldn't skate no more
office building lobbies wasn't safe no more
and it wasn't like they wasn't getting chased no more
just the freedom was better than breathing, they said (they said)
an escape route they used to escape out
when things got crazy, they needed to break out
they'd head (they'd head) to any place with stairs
any good grinds, the world was theirs, ugh! (theirs)
and their four wheels would take them there
until the cops came and said, "there's no skating here"
and so they kick, push, kick, push
kick, push, kick, push, coast
and away they rolled
just rebels without a cause with no place to go
and so they kick, push, kick, push
kick, push, kick, push, coast
so come roll with me
just a rebel looking for a place to be
so let's kick (ugh, ugh)
and push, yeah, yeah (woo, woo)
and coast
ah-ha, swanky (mm, mm)

--- Clipse - Grindin’ ---
yo, i go by the name (i'm yo' pusha)
of pharrell, from the neptunes
and i just wanna let y'all know (i'm yo' pusha)
the world is about to feel something (i'm yo pusha)
that they've never felt before, c'mon
from ghetto to ghetto, to backyard to yard
i sell it whipped or un-whipped, it’s soft or hard
i'm the, neighborhood pusha
call me subwoofer, 'cause i pump base like that, jack
on or off the track, i'm heavy, cuz
ball 'til you fall 'cause you could duck to the feddy govs
sorry, my love, what i'm seeing through these eyes
benz convoys with the wagon on the side
only big boys keep deuces on the ride
gucci chuck taylor with the dragon on the side
man, i make a buck, why scram?
i'm tryna show y'all who the fuck i am
the jewels is flirting, be damned if i'm hurting
legend in two games like i'm pee wee kirkland
platinum on the block with consistent hits
while pharrell keep talking this music shit
(ahh)
grindin' (ahh)
grindin' (ahh)
grindin' (ahh)
grindin' (ahh)
grindin' (ahh)
huh-huh
patty cake, patty cake, i'm the baker's man
i bake them cakes as fast as i can
and you can tell by how my bread stack up
then disguise it as rap so the feds back up
watch it, like my whip, like my chick topless
doing a buck-six with me in the cockpit
grindin', cousin, i got wholes for a dozen
even eleven-five if i see ya keep it comin'
and my weight, that's just as heavy as my name
so much dough, i can't swear i won't change
excuse me if my wealth got me full of myself
cocky, something that i just can't help
'specially when them twenties is spinning like windmills
and the ice thirty-two below minus the wind chill
filthy, the word that best defines me
i'm just grinding, man, y'all never mind me
(ahh)
grindin' (ahh)
grindin' (ahh)
grindin' (ahh)
grindin' (ahh)
grindin' (ahh)
huh-huh
grindin' (woah)
you know what i keep in the lining (woah)
niggas better stay in line when (woah)
you see a nigga like me shinin' (grinding)
grindin' (woah)
you know what i keep in the lining (woah)
niggas better stay in line when (woah)
you see a nigga like me shinin' (grinding)
my grind's 'bout family, never been about fame
them days i wasn't able, there was always 'caine
four and a half will get you in the game
anything less is just a goddamn shame
guess the weight, my watch got blue chips in the face
glock with two tips whoever gets in the way
not to mention the hideaway that rests by the lake
consider my raw demeanor the icing on the cake, i'm grindin'
i move 'caine like a cripple
balance weight through the hood, kids call me mr. sniffles
other hand on my nickel
plated whistle, one eye closed, i'll hit you
as if i was slick rick, my aim is still an issue
lose your soul in whichever palm i'm holdin'
one'll leave you frozen
the other, noddin' and dozin', i'm grindin', jack
(ahh)
grindin' (ahh)
grindin' (ahh)
grindin' (ahh)
grindin' (ahh)
grindin' (ahh)
huh-huh
grindin' (woah)
you know what i keep in the lining (woah)
niggas better stay in line when (woah)
you see a nigga like me shinin' (grinding)
grindin' (woah)
you know what i keep in the lining (woah)
niggas better stay in line when (woah)
you see a nigga like me shinin' (grinding)

--- G-Unit - Poppin’ Them Thangs ---
every hood we go through
all the gangsters around know my whole crew (nigga what?)
we hold it down like we 'sposed to (haha)
nigga you can front if you want, we be poppin' them thangs (yeah)
every hood we go through
all the gangsters around know my whole crew (nigga what?)
we hold it down like we 'sposed to (haha)
nigga you can front if you want, we be poppin' them thangs
after the vma's my baby momma cussed my ass out
i kicked her ass, we back friends like puffy and steve stoute
cut the grass around my clique so i could see these snakes
you see 'em back in the hood, it's 'cause i see they're fake
i preach a sermon 'bout the paper like i'm creflo dollar
i pop you punk niggas like i pop my collar
i'm confused, i like megan, monica and mýa
missy's freaky and brandy's shy, uh
now take a look at how my lifestyle changed up
i'm on now, god damnit, i done came up
now you can find me with the finest hoes
choosin' which whip to drive by what match my clothes
i got a fetish for the stones, i'm heavy on the ice man
if i ain't got a pistol on me, sure i got a knife fam
get out of line and i'm lightin' yo' ass up
semi-automatic's spray i tighten yo' ass up - what?
every hood we go through
all the gangsters around know my whole crew (nigga what?)
we hold it down like we 'sposed to (haha)
nigga you can front if you want, we be poppin' them thangs (yeah)
every hood we go through
all the gangsters around know my whole crew (nigga what?)
we hold it down like we 'sposed to (haha)
nigga you can front if you want, we be poppin' them thangs
slow down little nigga, don't exceed your speed
'cause i will put g's on your fitted like the negro league
i got connects, i don't need no weed
i been in l.a. for a year now, so i don't see no seeds
after i'm done you: clappin' the crew
hell yeah i fuck fans, guess what, your favorite rapper does too 
(yeah!)
in a minute i'ma have the jeweler makin' my rims spin
my crew run wild like the jamaicans in kingston
nuttin' but bling bling in your face boy; that's why my neck
shine like one of the shirts that puffy and mase wore
i done found a nympho as soon as i pop her bra
she had my balls, head first like a soccer star
you can only stand next to the man if you proper
i take care of birds like an animal doctor
i been out and buzzin', niggas just slept on me
so i'm out for revenge like one of bin laden cousins, yeah!
every hood we go through
all the gangsters around know my whole crew (nigga what?)
we hold it down like we 'sposed to (haha)
nigga you can front if you want, we be poppin' them thangs (yeah)
every hood we go through
all the gangsters around know my whole crew (nigga what?)
we hold it down like we 'sposed to (haha)
nigga you can front if you want, we be poppin' them thangs
read the paper, look at the news, we on the front page
yeah we in the bahamas with ak's on the stage
the ice in the jacob watch'll make a broke nigga take somethin'
so i gotta keep the fo'-fifth with no safety button
g-unit getting money, i know some artists is starvin'
but play the game like they rich, to me the shit funny
i know you see me comin'; cause on the front of the maybach
it say payback for those that hated on me
i hate when niggas claim they bangin' a gang
you ain't a crip like snoop, you ain't a blood like game
see i been havin' beef, i got my own bulletproof vest
most of my enemies dead, i got about two left
until my last breath, i'm sendin' niggas bullet holes
innocent bystanders get hit tryna be heroes
you know how we roll, everywhere that we go
it's fo-fo's, calicos, and desert eagles, yeah!
every hood we go through
all the gangsters around know my whole crew (nigga what?)
we hold it down like we 'sposed to (haha)
nigga you can front if you want, we be poppin' them thangs (yeah)
every hood we go through
all the gangsters around know my whole crew (nigga what?)
we hold it down like we 'sposed to (haha)
nigga you can front if you want, we be poppin' them thangs

--- Kendrick Lamar - Money Trees ---
uh, me and my niggas tryna get it, ya bish (ya bish, ya bish)
hit the house lick, tell me, is you with it, ya bish? (ya bish, ya bish)
home invasion was persuasive (was persuasive, was persuasive)
from nine to five, i know it's vacant, ya bish (ya bish, ya bish)
dreams of livin' life like rappers do (like rappers do, like rappers do)
back when condom wrappers wasn't cool (they wasn't cool, they wasn't cool)
i fucked sherane and went to tell my bros (tell my bros, tell my bros)
then usher raymond, "let it burn" came on ("let burn" came on, "let burn" came on)
hot sauce all in our top ramen, ya bish (ya bish, ya bish)
park the car, then we start rhymin', ya bish (ya bish, ya bish)
the only thing we had to free our mind (free our mind, free our mind)
then freeze that verse when we see dollar signs (see dollar signs, see dollar signs)
you lookin' like an easy come-up, ya bish (ya bish, ya bish)
a silver spoon, i know you come from, ya bish (ya bish, ya bish)
and that's a lifestyle that we never knew (we never knew, we never knew)
go at a reverend for the revenue
it go halle berry or hallelujah
pick your poison, tell me what you doin'
everybody gon' respect the shooter
but the one in front of the gun lives forever
(the one in front of the gun, forever)
and i been hustlin' all day, this-a-way, that-a-way
through canals and alleyways, just to say
money trees is the perfect place for shade
and that's just how i feel, nah, nah
a dollar might just fuck your main bitch
that's just how i feel, nah
a dollar might say fuck them niggas that you came with
that's just how i feel, nah, nah
a dollar might just make that lane switch
that's just how i feel, nah
a dollar might turn to a million and we all rich
that's just how i feel
dreams of livin' life like rappers do (like rappers do, like rappers do)
bump that new e-40 after school (way after school, way after school)
you know, "big ballin' with my homies" (my homies)
earl stevens had us thinkin' rational (thinkin' rational, that's rational)
back to reality, we poor, ya bish (ya bish, ya bish)
another casualty at war, ya bish (ya bish, ya bish)
two bullets in my uncle tony head (my tony head, my tony head)
he said one day i'll be on tour, ya bish (ya bish, ya bish)
that louis burgers never be the same (won't be the same, won't be the same)
a louis belt'll never ease that pain (won't ease that pain, won't ease that pain)
but i'ma purchase when that day is jerkin' (that day is jerkin', day is jerkin')
pull off at church's with pirellis skrrtin' (pirellis skrrtin', pirellis skrrtin')
gang signs out the window, ya bish (ya bish, ya bish)
hopin' all of 'em offend you, ya bish (ya bish, ya bish)
they say your hood is a pot of gold (a pot of gold, a pot of gold)
and we gon' crash it when nobody's home
it go halle berry or hallelujah
pick your poison, tell me what you doin'
everybody gon' respect the shooter
but the one in front of the gun lives forever
(the one in front of the gun, forever)
and i been hustlin' all day, this-a-way, that-a-way
through canals and alleyways, just to say
money trees is the perfect place for shade
and that's just how i feel, nah, nah
a dollar might just fuck your main bitch
that's just how i feel, nah
a dollar might say fuck them niggas that you came with
that's just how i feel, nah, nah
a dollar might just make that lane switch
that's just how i feel, nah
a dollar might turn to a million and we all rich
that's just how i feel
be the last one out to get this dough? no way
love one of you bucket-headed hoes? no way
hit the streets, then we break the code? no way
hit the brakes when they on patrol? no way
be the last one out to get this dough? no way
love one of you bucket-headed hoes? no way
hit the streets, then we break the code? no way
hit the brakes when they on patrol? no way
'magine rock up in them projects where them niggas pick your pockets
santa claus don't miss them stockings, liquors spillin', pistols poppin'
bakin' soda, yola whippin', ain't no turkey on thanksgivin'
my homeboy just domed a nigga, i just hope the lord forgive him
pots with cocaine residue, every day, i'm hustlin'
what else is a thug to do when you eatin' cheese from the government?
gotta provide for my daughter 'nem, get the fuck up out my way, bish
got that drum and i got them bands just like a parade, bish
drop that work up in the bushes, hope them boys don't see my stash
if they do, tell the truth, this the last time you might see my ass
from the gardens where the grass ain't cut, them serpents lurkin', blood
bitches sellin' pussy, niggas sellin' drugs, but it's all good
broken promises, steal your watch and tell you what time it is
take your j's and tell you to kick it where a foot locker is
in the streets with a heater under my dungarees
dreams of me gettin' shaded under a money tree
it go halle berry or hallelujah
pick your poison, tell me what you doin'
everybody gon' respect the shooter
but the one in front of the gun lives forever
(the one in front of the gun, forever)
and i been hustlin' all day, this-a-way, that-a-way
through canals and alleyways, just to say
money trees is the perfect place for shade
and that's just how i feel
kendrick, just bring my car back, man, i, i called in for another appointment
i figured you weren't gonna be back here on time anyway, look
shit, shit, i just wanna get out the house, man
this man is on one, he feelin' good than a motherfucker
shit, i'm tryna get my thing goin' too (girl, i want your body)
i'm going over to merlin house, just bring my car back (i want your body)
shit, he faded, he feelin' good, look, listen to him
'cause you got a big ol' fat ass
girl, girl, i want your body
i want your body, 'cause of that big ol' fat ass, girl
see, he high as hell (i want your body, 'cause of that big ol'—)
shit, he ain't even trippin' off them dominoes no more, just bring the car back
did somebody say dominoes?

--- Drake - Started from the Bottom ---
started—
zombie on the track
started from the bottom, now we're here
started from the bottom, now my whole team fuckin' here
started from the bottom, now we're here
started from the bottom, now the whole team here, nigga
started from the bottom, now we're here
started from the bottom, now my whole team here, nigga
started from the bottom, now we're here
started from the bottom, now the whole team fuckin' here
i done kept it real from the jump
livin' at my momma's house, we'd argue every month
nigga, i was tryna get it on my own
workin' all night, traffic on the way home
and my uncle callin' me, like, "where you at?
i gave you the keys, told you bring it right back”
nigga, i just think it's funny how it goes
now i'm on the road, half a million for a show, and we—
started from the bottom, now we're here
started from the bottom, now my whole team fuckin' here
started from the bottom, now we're here
started from the bottom, now the whole team here, nigga
started from the bottom, now we're here
started from the bottom, now the whole team fuckin' here
started from the bottom, now we're here
started from the bottom, now the whole team here, nigga
boys tell stories 'bout the man
say i never struggled, wasn't hungry, yeah, i doubt it
nigga, i could turn your boy into the man
there ain't really much out here that's poppin' off without us
nigga, we just want the credit where it's due
i'ma worry 'bout me, give a fuck about you
nigga, just as a reminder to myself
i wear every single chain, even when i'm in the house
'cause we—
started from the bottom, now we're here
started from the bottom, now my whole team fuckin' here
started from the bottom, now we're here
started from the bottom, now the whole team here, nigga
no new niggas, nigga, we don't feel that
fuck a fake friend, where your real friends at?
we don't like to do too much explainin'
story stayed the same, i never changed it
no new niggas, nigga, we don't feel that
fuck a fake friend, where your real friends at?
we don't like to do too much explainin'
story stayed the same through the money and the fame
'cause we—
started from the bottom, now we're here
started from the bottom, now my whole team fuckin' here
started from the bottom, now we're here
started from the bottom, now the whole team here, nigga
started from the bottom, now we're here
started from the bottom, now my whole team here, nigga
started from the bottom, now we're here
started from the bottom, now the whole team here, nigga

--- Migos - Versace ---
versace, versace, medusa head on me like i'm 'luminati
i know that you like it, versace, my neck and my wrist is so sloppy
versace, versace, i love it, versace the top of my audi
my plug, he john gotti, he give me the ducks and i know that they're mighty
(zaytoven!)
woah!
i mean i just left the versace store
versace, versace, versace, versace
versace, versace, versace, versace
versace versace, versace versace, versace
versace versace, versace versace, versace
versace, versace, versace, versace
versace versace, versace versace, versace
versace versace, versace versace, versace
versace versace, versace versace
quavo! yeah! yeah! yeah!
versace, versace, medusa head on me like i'm 'luminati
i know that you like it, versace, my neck and my wrist is so sloppy
versace, versace, i love it, versace the top of my audi
my plug, he john gotti, he give me the ducks and i know that they're mighty
shoes and shirt versace, your bitch want in on my pockets
she ask me why my drawers silk, i told that bitch "versace"
cheetah print on my sleeve, but i ain't ever been in the jungle
try to take my sack, better run with it, nigga don't fumble
wow, i mean i just left the versace store
versace, versace, versace, versace
versace, versace, versace, versace
versace versace, versace versace, versace
versace versace, versace versace, versace
versace, versace, versace, versace
versace versace, versace versace, versace
versace versace, versace versace, versace
versace versace, versace versace
you can do truey, i do versace
you copped the honda, i copped the mazi
you smoke the mid, i smoke exotic
i set the trend, you niggas copy
cooking the dope, like i work at hibachi
lookin and watching, blow it, hot like some taki
come in my room, my sheet versace
when i go to sleep, i dream versace
medusa, medusa, medusa
these niggas, they wishing they knew ya
they coppin' the truey, remixing the louie
my blunts is fat as rasputia
in a striped shirt like i'm tony the tiger
i'm beating the pot, call me michael
lot of you niggas they copy
look at my closet versace, versace
versace, versace, versace, versace
versace, versace, versace, versace
versace versace, versace versace, versace
versace versace, versace versace, versace
versace, versace, versace, versace
versace versace, versace versace, versace
versace versace, versace versace, versace
versace versace, versace versace
king of versace, medusa my wifey
my car is versace, tiger stripes on my mazi
i'm dressing so nice, they can't even copy
you think i'm egyptian, this gold on my body
my money my mission, two bitches they kissing
my diamonds is pissy, my swag is exquisite
young offset no preacher, but you niggas listen
them blue and white diamonds dey look like the pistons
codeine sippin, versace i'm gripping them bands in my pocket
you know that i'm living
i'm draped up in gold but no pharaoh
rockin' handcuffs, that's ferragamo
bricks by the boat, overload
i'm think i'm the don, but no rocko
this the life that i chose
bought out the store can't go back no more
versace my clothes, while i'm sellin them bows
versace took over, it took out my soul
versace, versace, versace, versace
versace, versace, versace, versace
versace versace, versace versace, versace
versace versace, versace versace, versace
versace, versace, versace, versace
versace versace, versace versace, versace
versace versace, versace versace, versace
versace versace, versace versace

--- Future - Mask Off ---
call it how it is (call it how it is)
hendrix (hendrix)
i promise, i swear, i swear
you heard, spit it (you heard, spit it)
yo
percocets (yah), molly, percocets (percocets)
percocets (yah), molly, percocets (percocets)
rep the set (yeah), gotta rep the set (gang, gang)
chase a check (chase it), never chase a bitch (don't chase no bitches)
mask on (mask off), fuck it, mask off (ma—, excuse me?)
mask on (mask off), fuck it, mask off (mask off)
percocets ('cets), molly, percocets (percocets)
chase a check (chase it), never chase a bitch (don't chase no bitches)
two cups (cup), toast up with the gang (gang, gang)
from food stamps to a whole 'nother domain, yah
out the bottom (yeah), i'm the livin' proof (super)
ain't compromisin' (woah), half a million on the coupe (gang, gang)
drug houses (where?), lookin' like peru (woah-woah-woah)
graduated (crazy), i was overdue (i'm on due)
pink molly (molly), i can barely move (barely move)
ask about me ('bout me), i'm gon' bust a move (ayy, young pluto)
rick james (james), thirty-three chains (thirty-three)
ocean air (air), cruisin' biscayne (big foreigns)
top off (yah), that’s a liability (big foreigns)
hit the gas (gas), boostin' my adrenaline (big foreigns)
percocets (yeah), molly, percocets (big foreigns)
percocets (yeah), molly, percocets (big foreigns)
rep the set (yeah), gotta rep the set (gang, gang)
chase a check (chase it) (yeah), never chase a bitch (don't chase no bitches) (big foreigns)
mask on (mask off) (yeah), fuck it, mask off (ma—, excuse me?) (big foreigns)
mask on (mask off) (yeah), fuck it, mask off (ma—, excuse me?) (big foreigns)
percocets (yeah), molly, percocets (big foreigns)
chase a check (chase it) (yeah, yeah), never chase a bitch (don't chase no bitches)
ford or maybach (ford or), i drive anything (yeah)
buy my range (yeah), make 'em go insane (yeah)
(oh, my lord, praise him be)
my guillotine, drank promethazine (drank prometh')
tec and beams (yah), go to those extremes (aight, let's go, let's go)
parliament (parliament), calamari wednesday (yah)
parlay in vegas, we was in attendance (what's good, what's good?)
before the business (yeah), theodore lenses
theo-dur prescriptions (yeah), focus on the missions (pour my four)
intermission (hol' up), never take a break (we can pull up)
switch states (switch them), touch down, foreign plates (switch)
ain't no way, ain't no fuckin' way (no)
we call the play, we didn't come to play (no)
rob the bank, we gon' rob the game (again)
they gang, we gang (gang)
but they are not the same (freebandz)
percocets (yeah), molly, percocets (big foreigns)
percocets (yeah), molly, percocets (big foreigns)
rep the set (yeah), gotta rep the set (gang, gang)
chase a check (chase it), never chase a bitch (don't chase no bitches) (big foreigns)
mask on (mask off) (yeah), fuck it, mask off (ma—, excuse me?) (big foreigns)
mask on (mask off) (yeah), fuck it, mask off (ma—, excuse me?) (big foreigns)
percocets (yeah), molly, percocets (big foreigns)
chase a check (chase it) (yeah, yeah), never chase a bitch (don't chase no bitches) (big foreigns)
mask on, fuck it, mask off
mask on, fuck it, mask off
mask on, fuck it, mask off
gas gone, never nod off
(cold chills, prison cells)
(oh, my lord, praise him be)

--- Travis Scott - Antidote ---
don't you open up that window
don't you let out that antidote (yeah)
poppin' pills is all we know (ooh)
in the hills is all we know (hollywood)
don't go through the front door (through the back)
it's lowkey at the night show (ooh)
so, don't you open up that window (ooh)
don't you let out that antidote, yeah
party on a sunday (that was fun)
do it all again on monday (one more time)
spent a check on a weekend (oh my god)
i might do it all again (that's boss shit)
i just hit a three peat (ooh)
fucked three hoes i met this week (robert horry)
i don't do no old hoes (oh, no, no)
my nigga, that's a no-no (straight up)
she just want the coco (cocaína)
i just want dinero (paper hunt, wait)
who that at the front door? (who that is?)
if it's the feds, oh, no, no, no (don't let 'em in, shh)
don't you open up that window (yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah)
don't you let out that antidote (yeah, yeah, yeah, ooh, yeah)
poppin' pills is all we know (yeah)
in the hills is all we know (hollywood)
don't go through the front door (in the back)
it's lowkey at the night show (ooh)
yeah, ooh, ooh, at the night show (ooh-ooh-ooh, ah)
at the night show (higher)
at the night show (ooh-ooh-ooh, ah)
ooh, at the night show (get lit, my nigga)
ooh, at the night show (yeah)
anything can happen at the night show (ooh-ooh-ooh, ah)
everything can happen at the night show
ooh, at the night show
anything can happen at the night show
ooh, at the night show
ooh, your bitch not at home, she at the night show
ooh (straight up), fuckin' right, ho
ooh, had to catch a flight for the night show
ooh (let's go), let's get piped though
bottles got us right though, we ain't sippin' light, no (rrr, la flame)
i ain't got no type though
only got one night though
we can do it twice though (rrr, it's lit)
at the night show, ooh
at the night show (ooh, ooh)
at the night show
ooh, at the night show
yeah, at the night show
everything can happen at the night show
ooh, at the night show
anything can happen at the night show, ooh
stackin' up day to day, young nigga
you know you gotta go get it, go get it, my nigga
they hatin', they stankin', they waitin'
don't be mistaken, we dyin', they stayin'
lord, i'm on fire, they think that i'm satan
callin' me crazy on different occasions
kickin' the cameraman off of my stages
'cause i don't like how he snappin' my angles
i'm overboard and i'm over-impatient
over my niggas and these kids my ages
dealin' with mo' shit that's more complicated
like these two bitches that might be related
h-town, you got one, and you bun b like a number-one
it's late night, got a late show
if you wanna roll, i got a place where, ah
poppin' pills is all we know (ooh)
in the hills is all we know (hollywood)
don't go through the front door (through the back)
it's lowkey at the night show (ooh)
so don't you open up that window (ooh)
(don't you let out that antidote)

--- Cardi B - Bodak Yellow ---
(ksr)
it's cardi, ayy
said i'm the shit, they can't fuck with me if they wanted to
i don't gotta dance
said, "lil' bitch, you can't fuck with me if you wanted to"
these expensive, these is red bottoms, these is bloody shoes
hit the store, i can get 'em both, i don't wanna choose
and i'm quick, cut a nigga off, so don't get comfortable, look
i don't dance now, i make money moves (ayy, ayy)
say i don't gotta dance, i make money move
if i see you and i don't speak, that means i don't fuck with you
i'm a boss, you a worker, bitch, i make bloody moves
now she say she gon' do what to who? let's find out and see
cardi b, you know where i'm at, you know where i be
you in the club just to party, i'm there, i get paid a fee
i be in and out them banks so much, i know they're tired of me
honestly, don't give a fuck 'bout who ain't fond of me
dropped two mixtapes in six months
what bitch working as hard as me?
i don't bother with these hoes, don't let these hoes bother me
they see pictures, they say, "goals," bitch, i'm who they tryna be
look, i might just chill in some bape
i might just chill with your boo, i might just feel on your babe
my pussy feel like a lake
he wanna swim with his face, i'm like, "okay"
i'll let him get what he want, he buy me yves saint laurent
and the new whip, when i go fast as a horse
i got the trunk in the front (vroom, vroom)
i'm the hottest in the street, know you prolly heard of me
got a bag and fixed my teeth, hope you hoes know it ain't cheap
and i pay my mama bills, i ain't got no time to chill
think these hoes be mad at me, their baby father run a bill
said, "lil' bitch, you can't fuck with me if you wanted to"
these expensive, these is red bottoms, these is bloody shoes
hit the store, i can get 'em both, i don't wanna choose
and i'm quick, cut a nigga off, so don't get comfortable, look
i don't dance now, i make money moves
say i don't gotta dance, i make money moves
if i see you and i don't speak, that means i don't fuck with you
i'm a boss, you a worker, bitch, i make bloody moves
if you a pussy, you get popped, you a goofy, you a opp
don't you come around my way, you can't hang around my block
and i just checked my accounts, turns out, i'm rich, i'm rich, i'm rich
i put my hand above my hip, i bet you dip, he dip, she dip
i say i get the money and go, this shit is hot like a stove
my pussy glitter is gold, tell that lil' bitch play her role
i just arrove in a rolls, i just came up in a wraith
i need to fill up the tank, no, i need to fill up the safe
i need to let all these hoes know that none of their niggas is safe
i go to dinner and steak, only the real can relate
i used to live in the p's, now it's a crib with a gate
rollie got charms, look like frosted flakes
had to let these bitches know, just in case these hoes forgot
i just run and check the mail, another check from mona scott
said, "lil' bitch, you can't fuck with me if you wanted to"
these expensive, these is red bottoms, these is bloody shoes
hit the store, i can get 'em both, i don't wanna choose
and i'm quick, cut a nigga off, so don't get comfortable, look
i don't dance now, i make money moves
say i don't gotta dance, i make money move
if i see you and i don't speak, that means i don't fuck with you
i'm a boss, you a worker, bitch, i make bloody moves

--- Lil Baby ft. Gunna - Drip Too Hard ---
run that back, turbo
you can get the biggest chanel bag in the store if you want it
i gave 'em the drip, they sucked it up, i got 'em on it
i bought a new patek, i had the watch, so i two-toned 'em
takin' these drugs, i'm gon' be up until the mornin'
that ain't your car, you just a leaser, you don't own it
if i'm in the club, i got that fire when i'm performin'
the backend just came in, in all hundreds
vibes galore, cute shit, they all on us
i'm from atlanta where young niggas run shit
i know they hatin' on me, but i don't read comments
whenever i tell her to come, she comin'
whenever it's smoke, we ain't runnin'
drip too hard, don't stand too close
you gon' fuck around and drown off this wave
doin' all these shows, i've been on the road
i don't care where i go, long as i get paid
bad lil' vibe, she been on my mind
soon as i get back, she gettin' slayed
do this all the time, this ain't no surprise
every other night, another movie gettin' made
drip too hard, don't stand too close
you gon' fuck around and drown off this wave
doin' all these shows, i've been on the road
i don't care where i go, long as i get paid
bad lil' vibe, she been on my mind
soon as i get back, she gettin' slayed
do this all the time, this ain't no surprise
every other night, another movie gettin' made (yeah)
every other night, another dollar gettin' made
every other night started with a good day
i feel like a child, i got boogers in the face
diamonds dancin' in the dial like this shit is a parade
i don't want your chain, young gunwunna not a slave
i had to draw the line, too many bitches gettin' saved
tsa harass me, so i took a private plane
these pussy niggas lackin' while i'm workin' on my aim
drip too hard (too hard), charge it to the card (to the card)
designer to the ground, i can barely spell the names
drip too hard, caution on the floor
you gon' fuck around and drown tryna ride a nigga wave
drip too hard, don't stand too close
you gon' fuck around and drown off this wave
doin' all these shows, i've been on the road
i don't care where i go, long as i get paid
bad lil' vibe, she been on my mind
soon as i get back, she gettin' slayed
do this all the time, this ain't no surprise
every other night, another movie gettin' made
drip too hard, don't stand too close
you gon' fuck around and drown off this wave
doin' all these shows, i've been on the road
i don't care where i go, long as i get paid
bad lil' vibe, she been on my mind
soon as i get back, she gettin' slayed
do this all the time, this ain't no surprise
every other night, another movie gettin' made

--- 21 Savage - Bank Account ---
ooh, oh, oh, oh, oh, ow, ow
wow, wow, wow, ow, ow, ow, ow
i buy a new car for the bitch (for real)
i tear down the mall with the bitch (for real)
you can't even talk to the bitch (no)
she fucking with bosses and shit (on god)
i pull up in 'raris and shit (skrrt)
with choppers and harleys and shit (for real)
i be gucci'd down (gucci)
you wearin' lacoste and shit (bitch)
yeah, moncler, yuh, fur came off a bear, yuh (yeah)
triple homicide, put me in a chair, yuh (in jail)
triple cross the plug, we do not play fair, yuh (on god)
got 'em tennis chains on and they real blingy (bling)
draco make you do the chicken head like chingy (ching)
walk in neiman marcus and i spend a light fifty (fifty)
please proceed with caution, shooters, they be right with me (21)
bad bitch, cute face and some nice titties
seventy-five hundred on a saint laurent jacket (yeah)
bitch, be careful when you dumpin' your ashes (bitch)
i ain't no sucker, i ain't cuffin' no action (nah)
the skreets raised me (wild), i'm a whole bastard (wild, wild, wild)
i bought a 'rari just so i can go faster (skrrt)
niggas tryna copy me, they playin' catch up (21)
i might pull up in a ghost, no casper (21)
i been smoking gas and i got no asthma
i got one, two, three, four, five, six, seven, eight
m's in my bank account, yeah (on god)
in my bank account, yeah (on god)
in my bank account, yeah (on god)
in my bank account, yeah (on god)
in my bank account, yeah (on god)
in my bank account (on god)
i got one, two, three, four, five, six, seven, eight
shooters ready to gun you down, yeah (fast)
ready to gun you down, yeah (on god)
ready to gun you down, yeah (on god)
ready to gun you down, yeah (on god)
ready to gun you down, yeah (on god)
ready to gun you down (on god)
yeah, dog (yeah; huh), nah, for real, dog (21)
straight up out the 6, now got a house in the hills, dog (21)
wanna see a body, nigga? get you killed, dog (wet)
wanna tweet about me, nigga? get you killed, dog (wet)
killed dog, i'm a real dog (21), you a lil' dog (21)
bill dog, want a bil', dog, chasin' mills, dog (yeah)
dunk right in your bitch like o'neal, dog (wet)
plus i shoot like reggie mill', dog (21)
chopper sting you like a eel, dog (fast)
i got one, two, three, four, five, six, seven, eight
m's in my bank account, yeah (on god)
in my bank account, yeah (on god)
in my bank account, yeah (on god)
in my bank account, yeah (on god)
in my bank account, yeah (on god)
in my bank account (on god)
i got one, two, three, four, five, six, seven, eight
shooters ready to gun you down, yeah (fast)
ready to gun you down, yeah (on god)
ready to gun you down, yeah (on god)
ready to gun you down, yeah (on god)
ready to gun you down, yeah (on god)
ready to gun you down (on god)
ruler clip, sent a ruler hit
pull up on your bitch, she say that i got a ruler dick
spray your block down, we not really with that ruh-rah shit
glock cocked now, i don't really give no fuck 'bout who i hit
yeah, your bitch, she get jiggy with me, keep that siggy with me
bitch, i'm mad max, you know i got ziggy with me
keep a mad mag in case a nigga wanna get busy with me
'rari matte black, and i got a bentley with me
i got one, two, three, four, five, six, seven, eight
m's in my bank account, yeah (on god)
in my bank account, yeah (on god)
in my bank account, yeah (on god)
in my bank account, yeah (on god)
in my bank account, yeah (on god)
in my bank account (on god)
i got one, two, three, four, five, six, seven, eight
shooters ready to gun you down, yeah (fast)
ready to gun you down, yeah (on god)
ready to gun you down, yeah (on god)
ready to gun you down, yeah (on god)
ready to gun you down, yeah (on god)
ready to gun you down (on god)
seventy-five hundred on a saint laurent jacket
bitch, be careful where you dumpin' your ashes
i ain't no sucker, i ain't cuffin' no action
the skreets raised me, i'm a whole bastard

--- Post Malone - rockstar ---
ha-ha-ha-ha-ha
tank god
ayy, ayy
i've been fuckin' hoes and poppin' pillies
man, i feel just like a rockstar (star, ayy, ayy)
all my brothers got that gas
and they always be smokin' like a rasta ('sta)
fuckin' with me, call up on a uzi
and show up, man, them the shottas ('tas)
when my homies pull up on your block
they make that thing go grra-ta-ta-ta (ta, pow, pow, pow, ayy, ayy)
switch my whip, came back in black
i'm startin' sayin', "rest in peace to bon scott" (scott, ayy)
close that door, we blowin' smoke
she ask me light a fire like i'm morrison ('son, ayy)
act a fool on stage
prolly leave my fuckin' show in a cop car (car, ayy)
shit was legendary
threw a tv out the window of the montage
cocaine on the table, liquor pourin', don't give a damn
dude, your girlfriend is a groupie, she just tryna get in
sayin', "i'm with the band" (ayy, ayy)
now she actin' outta pocket, tryna grab up on my pants
hundred bitches in my trailer say they ain't got a man
and they all brought a friend (yeah, ayy, ayy, ayy)
i've been fuckin' hoes and poppin' pillies
man, i feel just like a rockstar (star, ayy, ayy)
all my brothers got that gas
and they always be smokin' like a rasta ('sta)
fuckin' with me, call up on a uzi
and show up, man, them the shottas ('tas)
when my homies pull up on your block
they make that thing go grra-ta-ta-ta (ta, pow, pow, pow)
i've been in the hills fuckin' superstars
feelin' like a popstar (21, 21, 21)
drankin' henny, bad bitches jumpin' in the pool
and they ain't got on no bra (no bra)
hit her from the back, pullin' on her tracks
and now she screamin' out, "¡no más!" (yeah, yeah, yeah)
they like, "savage, why you got a twelve car garage
and you only got six cars?" (21)
i ain't with the cakin', how you kiss that? (kiss that?)
your wifey say i'm lookin' like a whole snack (big snack)
green hundreds in my safe, i got old racks (old racks)
l.a. bitches always askin', "where the coke at?" (21, 21)
livin' like a rockstar, smash out on a cop car
sweeter than a pop-tart, you know you are not hard
i done made the hot chart, 'member i used to trap hard
livin' like a rockstar, i'm livin' like a rockstar (ayy)
i've been fuckin' hoes and poppin' pillies
man, i feel just like a rockstar (star, ayy, ayy)
all my brothers got that gas
and they always be smokin' like a rasta ('sta, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah)
fuckin' with me, call up on a uzi
and show up, man, them the shottas ('tas)
when my homies pull up on your block
they make that thing go grra-ta-ta-ta (ta, grra-ta-ta-ta-ta)
star, star, rockstar, rockstar, star
rockstar
rockstar, feel just like a—
rockstar
rockstar
rockstar
feel just like a—

--- A$AP Rocky - Lord Pretty Flacko Jodye 2 (LPFJ2) ---
uh
yeah (listening to pretty flacko, nigga)
yeah, yeah
woo, yeah
yeah
who the jiggy nigga with the gold links? (yeah)
got me reminiscin' 'bout my old day
three 6, suck a nigga dick, no foreplay, all day
boomin' out the trap through the hallway
tell me, what you niggas know about it? (uh)
auntie sayin' turn it down, or she finna call the cops
we be plottin' on the opps, she the one who got the drop
just a free quick fix of the a, and it's okay
they gon' take me back to my old ways
i was tryna chill, poppin' seals ever since i got a deal
kick it with my model chick, sip cris', fuck niggas wanna diss
now i gotta let 'em know who's really trill
lord pretty flacko jodye
dirty fuck niggas, how you been?
you been crossin' our minds
niggas talk down every now and then
on the side, who gave 'em style nine times out of ten?
it was flacko jodye, flacko jodye
flacko jodye, flacko jodye
i ain't never lookin' for no handouts (yeah)
broke ass niggas never helpin' with they hands out
find out where the fuck nigga live then we camp out
screamin' fuck the world, never catch me with my pants down
always been a stand-up guy, i'd rather stand out
raf simons, stan smith edition with my bands out
i'm the trillest one to do it since pimp, nigga hands down
if a nigga put his hands on me, that's a man down
trick, what? pimps up, hoes down, woah now
slow down, see they runnin' with my old style
grow foul, gold smile, you ho now, thuggin' with my old style
it's a shame how they low down
dirty like adidas on my sneaker feature, uh
trappin' through the speaker, peep the beeper ringer, uh
turnin' off phones, just to reach 'em, gotta beep 'em
i'm a lord motherfucker, better greet him if you see him
lord pretty flacko jodye
dirty fuck niggas, how you been?
you been crossin' our minds
niggas talk down every now and then
on the side, who gave 'em style nine times out of ten?
it was flacko jodye, flacko jodye
flacko jodye, flacko jodye

--- J. Cole - ATM ---
life can bring much pain
there are many ways to deal with this pain
choose wisely
will i fall? will i fly?
heal my soul
fulfill my high
cross my heart (count, count, count, count it)
and hope to die (count, count, count, count it)
with my slice (count, count, count, count it)
of devil's pie
count it up, count it up, count it up, count it
count it up, count it up, count it up, count it
count it up, count it up, count it up, count it
count it up, count it up, count it up, count it
count it up, count it up, count it up, count it
count it up, count it up, count it up, count it
i know that it's difficult
i'm stackin' this paper, it's sort of habitual
i blow the residual
and fuckin' yo bitch like its part of my ritual
pardon the visual
but money, it give me a hard-on it's typical
i want it in physical
a million dollars, i count up in intervals
without it i'm miserable
don't wanna fall off so i'm all in my bag
thankin' god like it's biblical
i know it's gon' solve every problem i have
i balled on the principal
remember the teachers was all on my ass
now look all of them, pitiful
and all of a sudden i'm so good at math
count it up, count it up, count it up, count it
count it up, count it up, count it up, count it
count it up, count it up, count it up, count it
can't take it when you die, but you can't live without it
count it up, count it up, count it up, count it
count it up, count it up, count it up, count it
count it up, count it up, count it up, count it
can't take it when you die
uno, dos, tres
big bills, big bills
i fell in love with big wheels and quick thrills
my niggas runnin' tip drills, can't sit still
don't give a fuck if it kills, it mix well
i'm only countin'
big bills, big bills
i fell in love with big wheels and quick thrills
my niggas runnin' tip drills, can't sit still
don't give a fuck if it kills, it mix well
i'm only countin'...
uno, dos, tres, cuatro
proceed with caution
i heard if you chase it only results in
a hole in your heart
fuck it, i take the whole cake and i won't leave a portion
it's only an organ
thank god mama couldn't afford the abortion
the loneliest orphan
i flip my misfortune and grow me a fortune
my rollie is scorchin'
them niggas that hated is slowly endorsin'
now cole, he important
my niggas beside me like tommy and martin
we ball on your court and
then skate with your bitch like we tonya harding
she don't need her garments
she horny from all the money we countin'
count it up, count it up, count it up, count it
count it up, count it up, count it up, count it
count it up, count it up, count it up, count it
can't take it when you die, but you can't live without it
count it up, count it up, count it up, count it
count it up, count it up, count it up, count it
count it up, count it up, count it up, count it
can't take it when you die
uno dos
will i fall? will i fly?
heal my soul
fulfill my high
cross my heart
and hope to die
with my slice of devil’s pie

--- Young Thug - Check ---
i can see that bullshit from a mile away (see it)
you can stack my money 'bout a mile away (stack it)
i got three white bitches like it's powder day (white)
mink coat with the rolls like a shar pei
and all of my bitches sexy, call them barbies (sexy)
she lookin' back like i'm flexin', baby, no way (uh-uh)
and lately, i been on that d'usse, yee
(we got london on the track)
got me a check, i got a check
yeah, i done got me a check, i got a check (sheesh, sheesh)
yeah, i done got me a check, i got a check (sheesh)
yeah, i done got me a check, oh, got a check (yeah, yeah-yeah!)
money on my mind, i got money on my brain
money in my pants, i got money i call change
20, 50, 100, 500 millions made
big hunna thugga, screamin' free that gucci mane
if i need some racks, i'ma flip me some packs
i talk like i want and she don't say nothin' back
if cops pull up, i put that crack in my crack
or i put that brack in my brack
call little shawty, made her fuck on my brodie
if you don't owe me, bitch, still act like you owe me
i promise i won't ever quit, bitch, i'm kobe
and i whip that white, you can snow me
stoner young thugger
i whip it, that bitch, yeah, she know me, young thugger
yeah, she shinin' like butter
the bitch from chicago, i call her young cutler
leave it to beaver
i pull up in bentleys with london, they all want to meet him
yeah, they all wanna greet him
they pull down they pants and they all wanna eat him, uh
no, they won't tease on that dick, they won't read on that dick
they won't leash on that dick, don't felicia that dick
mamacita that dick, they gon' snitch on that dick
and she screamin' loud, she can't secret that dick
mama a beast on that dick
if she bad, i'ma gon' an' four season that bitch
eat that, lil' bitch, i'ma feast that lil' bitch, mm
i got me a check, i got a check
yeah, i done got me a check, i got a check (sheesh, sheesh)
yeah, i done got me a check, i got a check (sheesh)
yeah, i done got me a check, oh, got a check (yeah, yeah-yeah!)
money on my mind, i got money on my brain
yeah, i'm like, baby, baby, baby, i need racks
money in my pants, i got money i call change
baby, baby, baby, baby, baby, i need racks
20, 50, 100, 500 millions made
baby, baby, baby, baby, baby, i want racks
big hunna thugga, screamin' free that gucci mane
baby, baby, baby, baby, baby, i need racks, hey!
bitch, i'm a migo, i play with kilo
when i put ice on, i am sub-zero
all of my niggas, they hard, call 'em beetles
niggas was fake so i kept me a ruger in regals
droppin' the top on the bentley
i'm with the birdman, yeah, the eagle
geeked out my mind, man, i'm tripping out
i don't know none of these people
make my little shawty go get me a four and bring back me a liter
yes, i got threats, i'm not worried 'bout that
they know they can get whacked and i swear i done
got me a check, i got a check
yeah, i done got me a check, i got a check (sheesh, sheesh)
yeah, i done got me a check, i got a check (sheesh)
yeah, i done got me a check, oh, got a check (yeah, yeah-yeah!)
yeah, i'm like, baby, baby, baby, i need racks
baby, baby, baby, baby, baby, i need racks
baby, baby, baby, baby, baby, i want racks
baby, baby, baby, baby, baby, i need racks, hey!
we got london on da track!

--- Lil Uzi Vert - Money Longer ---
yeah, it do not matter
turned to a savage, pocket got fatter, she call me daddy
smokin' that gas, gone off that xanny, she on the powder
nowadays i am on, my haters got sadder
money got longer, speaker got louder, car got faster
turned to a savage, pocket got fatter, she call me daddy
smokin' that gas, gone off that xanny, she on the powder
nowadays i am on, my haters got sadder
money got longer, speaker got louder, car got faster
money so old, dollars spoiled (spoiled)
yeah, my lil' bitch so spoiled (spoiled)
yeah, i rub her down in oil
yeah, i got money, now you know it, yeah
diamonds on my teeth
yeah, your shit look like foil
yeah, chris brown said these hoes ain't loyal, yeah
none of these hoes got no morals, yeah
all my niggas g-ed up
yeah, my glasses be dita
never thought that it'd be days i could kick my feet up (huh?)
never thought that she would need me that much if i leave her
it do not matter
turned to a savage, pocket got fatter, she call me daddy
smokin' that gas, gone off that xanny, she on the powder
nowadays i am on, my haters got sadder
money got longer, speaker got louder, car got faster
turned to a savage, pocket got fatter, she call me daddy
smokin' that gas, gone off that xanny, she on the powder
nowadays i am on, my haters got sadder
money got longer, speaker got louder, car got faster
turned to a savage, pocket got fatter, she call me daddy
smokin' that gas, gone off that xanny, she on the powder
nowadays i am on, my haters got sadder
money got longer, speaker got louder, car got faster
all of this was faction
no time for actin', all this money lastin'
like, go out to eat, get that blackened salmon
when i'm with my girl, we pharrell and vashtie
wait, huh? that mean we are not lastin'
in that pussy, you know i like it rough, then i'm just blastin'
yeah, tell that lil' bitch that i'm really from mars
uh, yeah, bitch, do not start
yeah, pull up, my car automatic
yeah, uh, done with the start, yeah
it do not matter
turned to a savage, pocket got fatter, she call me daddy
smokin' that gas, gone off that xanny, she on the powder
nowadays i am on, my haters got sadder
money got longer, speaker got louder, car got faster
turned to a savage, pocket got fatter, she call me daddy
smokin' that gas, gone off that xanny, she on the powder
nowadays i am on, my haters got sadder
money got longer, speaker got louder, car got faster

--- Roddy Ricch - The Box ---
pullin' out the coupe at the lot
told 'em fuck 12, fuck swat
bustin' all the bells out the box
i just hit a lick with the box
had to put the stick in the box, mmh
pour up the whole damn seal, i'ma get lazy
i got the mojo deals, we been trappin' like the '80s
she sucked a nigga soul, gotta cash app
told 'em wipe a nigga nose, say slatt, slatt
i won't never sell my soul, and i can back that
and i really wanna know where you at, at
i was out back where the stash at
cruise the city in a bulletproof cadillac (skrrt)
'cause i know these niggas after where the bag at (yeah)
gotta move smarter, gotta move harder
nigga try to get me for my water
i'll lay his ass down, on my son, on my daughter
i had the draco with me, dwayne carter
lotta niggas out here playin', ain't ballin'
i done put my whole arm in the rim, vince carter (yeah)
and i know probably get a key for the quarter
shawty barely seen in double c's, i bought 'em
got a bitch that's looking like aaliyah, she a model
i got the pink slip, all my whips is key-less
compton, i'm about to get the key to the city
patek like the sea, forgive me
pullin' out the coupe at the lot
told 'em fuck 12, fuck swat
bustin' all the bells out the box
i just hit a lick with the box
had to put the stick in the box, mmh
pour up the whole damn seal, i'ma get lazy
i got the mojo deals, we been trappin' like the '80s
she sucked a nigga soul, gotta cash app
told 'em wipe a nigga nose, say slatt, slatt
i won't never sell my soul, and i can back that
and i really wanna know where you at, at, hah
hahaha, i been movin' 'em out
if steelo with me, then he got the blues in the pouch (yeah)
took her to the forest, put the wood in her mouth
bitch, don't wear no shoes in my house
the private i'm flyin' in, i never wan' fly again
i'll take my chances in traffic (yeah)
she suckin' on dick, no hands with it
i just made the rollie plain like a landing strip
i'm a 2020 president candidate
i done put a hundred bands on zimmerman, shit
i been movin' real gangster, so that's why she picked a crip
shawty call me crisco 'cause i pop my shit
got it out the mud, there's nothin' you can tell me, yeah
when i had the drugs, i was street wealthy, yeah
pullin' out the coupe at the lot
told 'em fuck 12, fuck swat
bustin' all the bells out the box
i just hit a lick with the box
had to put the stick in the box, mmh
pour up the whole damn seal, i'ma get lazy
i got the mojo deals, we been trappin' like the '80s
she sucked a nigga soul, gotta cash app
told 'em wipe a nigga nose, say slatt, slatt
i won't never sell my soul, and i can back that
and i really wanna know where you at, at

--- Megan Thee Stallion - Savage ---
i'm that bitch (yeah)
been that bitch, still that bitch (ah)
will forever be that bitch (forever be that bitch)
yeah (ayy, ah)
i'm the hood mona lisa, break a nigga into pieces
had to x some cheesy niggas out my circle like a pizza (yeah)
i'm way too exclusive, i don't shop on insta' boutiques
all them lil' ass clothes only fit fake booties
bad bitch, still talking cash shit
pussy like water, i'm unbothered and relaxing
i would never trip on a nigga if i had him
bitch, that's my trash, you the maid, so you bagged him, ah
i'm a savage (yeah)
classy, bougie, ratchet (yeah)
sassy, moody, nasty (hey, hey, yeah)
acting stupid, what's happening? (woah, woah)
bitch, what's happening? (woah, woah)
bitch, i'm a savage, yeah
classy, bougie, ratchet, yeah
sassy, moody, nasty, huh
acting stupid, what's happening?
bitch, what's happening? (ayy, ah)
eat me and record it, but your edge-up all i'm showing (ah)
i keep my niggas private, so his ap all i'm showing (baow)
beefing with you bitches really getting kinda boring
if it ain't about the money, then you know i'm gon' ignore it
i'm the shit, ooh (ayy)
i need a mop to clean the floor, it's too much drip, ooh (too much drip, ooh)
i keep a knot, i keep a watch, i keep a whip, ooh (i keep a whip, baow)
let's play a game, simon says i'm still that bitch, ayy (still that bitch)
i'm still that bitch, yeah (ah)
i'm a savage
classy, bougie, ratchet (yeah)
sassy, moody, nasty (yeah)
acting stupid, what's happening? (what's up?)
bitch, what's happening? (what's up?)
bitch, i'm a savage, yeah
classy, bougie, ratchet, yeah (bitch)
sassy, moody, nasty, huh
acting stupid, what's happening? (what's up?)
bitch, what's happening?
bitch, i'm lit like a match, ooh
and any nigga i let hit is still attached, ooh
that body right, but you know this pussy fat, ooh
i drop a picture, now these bitches feel attacked, ayy
don't let that nigga gas you up and get you whacked, ooh
i make a call and get a pussy nigga smacked, uh
these bitches talkin' 'bout pulling up, well, where you at? ooh
i'm in a lam', bitch, catch me if you can, ooh
i'm kickin' bitches out they spot, stalli' chan, yeah (ah, yeah)
niggas say i taste like sugar, but ain't shit sweet (ah)
mwah
ayy, ayy, ooh, ooh, ooh, ooh, mwah

--- Jack Harlow - First Class ---
mm
i been a (g), throw up the (l), sex in the (a.m.), uh-huh
(o-r-o-u-s, yeah)
and i can put you in (first class, up in the sky)
i can put you in (first class, up in the s—, up-up in the s—)
i been a (g), throw up the (l), sex in the (a.m.), uh-huh
(o-r-o-u-s, yeah)
and i can put you in (first class, up in the sky), mm, mm
i can put you in (first class, up in the s—, up-up in the s—)
i can see the whole city from this balcony
back in 2019, i was outside freely, but now they got it out for me
i don't care what frat that you was in, you can't alpha me, keep dreamin'
pineapple juice, i give her sweet, sweet, sweet semen
i know what they like so i just keep cheesin'
hard drive full of heat seekin'
tryna come the same day as jack? rethink it
you don't need givenchy, you need jesus
why do y'all sleep on me? i need reasons
uh, i got plaques in thе mail, peak season
shout out to my ups workers makin' surе i receive 'em
you can do it too, believe it
i been a (g), throw up the (l), sex in the (a.m.), uh-huh
(o-r-o-u-s, yeah)
and i can put you in (first class, up in the sky), mm, mm
i can put you in (first class, up in the s—, up-up in the s—)
(are you ready?) ha, yes, i am
they say, "you a superstar now," damn, i guess i am
you might be the man, well, that's unless i am
okay, i'll confess i am
go ahead and get undressed, i am
okay, cool, you on sunset? (i am)
i'm 'bout to slide, okay, i'm outside, okay
this lifestyle don't got many downsides
'cept for the lack of time i get 'round my
family, makin' sure they never downsize
i got visions of my mom sayin', "wait, this house mine?"
can't lie, i'm on angus, cloud 9
i got 'em on the bandwagon now, 'bout time
i ain't even got no downtime
every time i speak, she say, "yeah, that sounds fine"
i been a (g), throw up the (l), sex in the (a.m.), uh-huh
(o-r-o-u-s, yeah)
and i can put you in (first class, up in the sky)
i can put you in (first class, up in the s—, up-up in the s—)
i been a (g), throw up the (l), sex in the (a.m.), uh-huh
(o-r-o-u-s, yeah)
and i can put you in (first class, up in the sky), mm, mm
i can put you in (first class)

--- Gunna - Banking On Me ---
(metro boomin want some more, nigga)
she bankin' on me, i'm the bank (bank)
i smack her, she love to get spanked (get spanked)
i tackle her, bitch love to wrestle (to wrestle)
young bachelor, we love to play (play)
sun come out when i move the drapes (drapes)
know my mood when i grab your waist (waist)
know you fuckin' a man that's made (made man, hey)
keep it lowkey, she ain't after fame
no, she ain't after fame (amen)
you ain't like that old ho i usеd to be fuckin'
you and her nothin' the samе (we nothin' the same)
don't care 'bout no cuffin', you wanna keep bussin'
then girl, let me know when you came (you came)
i love you in so many ways (ways)
don't know why you never complain ('plain)
with you, i can never be shamed (uh)
mm, and i usually never say, "never"
oh shit, look at me today ('day)
love your vibe, i don't need no sage (sage, hey)
clear coat and your car look glazed (glazed)
good sex, that ain't all we made
i don't wanna get tired of you (huh)
i'm in a bossy mood, we at the top and we got us a ocean view (got us a ocean view)
i know i got it, i'm all in her body and nobody got a clue (nobody got a clue)
we in a coupe pullin' up, board a private, a g5 for only two (g5 for only two)
i really like it, i wan' stay excited, don't wanna get tired of you (ooh)
don't wanna get tired of you (ooh, don't wanna get tired of you)
don't wanna get tired of you (ooh, don't wanna get tired of you)
don't wanna get tired of you (ooh, don't wanna get tired of you)
you wake up and you wanna go shoppin' (yeah)
pick out a car, you got too many options
bubblegum baby, yeah, you got it poppin' (pop)
love what you do for the papi (yeah)
pelion, i'm all in her, mouthful, you suck it sloppy (ooh)
you like the queen of the moppin'
soon as i cum, she keep suckin', i don't want her to stop it (don't want her to stop it)
dick in, i'm breakin' her back and i'm strokin'
i see why they cause a commotion (yeah)
hittin' it, lookin' at views of the ocean
her pussy wet as an ocean (wet as an ocean)
handle that business, i'm boss by the way i'm approachin' (boss)
young gunna wunna, he chosen
east to the west, we just really been coastin'
me and lil' baby in motion
i don't wanna get tired of you (huh)
i'm in a bossy mood, we at the top and we got us a ocean view (got us a ocean view)
i know i got it, i'm all in her body and nobody got a clue (nobody got a clue)
we in a coupe pullin' up, board a private, a g5 for only two (g5 for only two)
i really like it, i wan' stay excited, don't wanna get tired of you (ooh)
don't wanna get tired of you (ooh, don't wanna get tired of you)
don't wanna get tired of you (ooh, don't wanna get tired of you)
don't wanna get tired of you (ooh, don't wanna get tired of you)

--- Lil Durk - AHHH HA ---
ayy, this shit like videos, you hear me?
everythin' i'm sayin' in this motherfucker's all props (this shit is not real, skrrt)
just in case the police listenin', know what i'm sayin'? (high-speed music, haha)
smurk, slide, slide, slide (man, what?)
don't respond to shit with von (yeah, yeah, yeah)
i'm like, "fuck it, you trippin', go get your gun" (let's get it, get, gun)
they droppin' locations, i'm gettin' it done (woo, woo, woo, gang)
fuck tweetin', we slidin', the feds are comin' (yeah, yeah, yeah, man, what?)
he fuckin' his bitches (bitches), them niggas (niggas) his sons (let's get it)
i'm hangin' with killers, we breakin' a bond (yeah, yeah, yeah, bond)
they really don't mean it, he say it in songs (yeah, mean it, say it in songs)
they really don't mean it, he play it in songs (pussy, bitch, bitch)
we been slidin' through they blocks and they don't know we have
buddy ass got shot and we ain't claim it, but i can show his ass (brrah, skrrt, skrrt, skrrt, skrrt)
niggas actin' like they really like that since my brodie died (von)
just got out the feds, you bring up murders with your police ass (pussy)
i told von to leave that bitch alone, she post on onlyfans (yeah, eater)
catch 'em at apartments they be in 'cause that's our only chance (brrah)
they don't be outside like you think they ass be on the 'gram (on gang)
old opps fuckin' with my new opps (brr), oh, man (brrah)
that shit merched, we been through there, that shit like ghost land (skrrt, skrrt)
my brother dthang just got killed and i been slow since (gang, gang, gang)
but we got back on they ass, i bet they know this (brrah)
and, on bro, i'm speakin' facts, this ain't no diss (this ain't no diss)
keep the police out my business, we don't post shit (we don't post shit)
trigger happy, i be with zoo 'nem and we on 46 ('wop, 'wop)
they like, "durk, his ass a singer, he won't smoke shit" (yeah, yeah)
you can believe whatever you want, i got your folks hit (ah, ha)
don't respond to shit with von (yeah, yeah, yeah)
i'm like, "fuck it, you trippin', go get your gun" (let's get it, get, gun)
they droppin' locations, i'm gettin' it done (woo, woo, woo, gang)
fuck tweetin', we slidin', the feds are comin' (yeah, yeah, yeah, man, what?)
he fuckin' his bitches (bitches), them niggas (niggas) his sons (let's get it)
i'm hangin' with killers, we breakin' a bond (yeah, yeah, yeah, bond)
they really don't mean it, he say it in songs (yeah, mean it, say it, songs)
they really don't mean it, he play it in songs (pussy, bitch, bitch)
"you talkin' 'bout me in "pissed me off"?" and i'm like, "yes" (yes)
if you feel some type of way, you better slide and get revenge (brrah)
he say therapy ain't helpin', he been killin' for a cleanse (slide)
she said she ain't really got shit, but she so thirsty for a benz (skrrt, skrrt)
i just made her suck my dick and i just nutted on her chin (bitch)
i been feelin' like rico, i just fucked her in my timbs (yeah, yeah, yeah)
for school, he save no pen, he'd rather carry him a gen' (five)
a ten (ten), fn ('n), perc' 10, i'm sayin', he spin (yeah, yeah, yeah)
you need a pill to slide, he off all them milligrams, he been a fan (bitch)
i seen niggas really killin' shit, post shit on instagram (pussy)
you doin' that, you might as well go to court and say you killed the man
i don't claim niggas who be with opps, i try to reel 'em in (grrah)
the trenches like a sport, you grab that ball and turn a killer, man (pussy)
switches on me, all face shots, we changin' dental plans (brrah)
all fast cars, make it skrrt, we don't do rental vans (skrrt)
i can have your homie set you up, his ass a middleman (ah, ha)
don't respond to shit with von (yeah, yeah, yeah)
i'm like, "fuck it, you trippin', go get your gun" (let's get it, get, gun)
they droppin' locations, i'm gettin' it done (woo, woo, woo, gang)
fuck tweetin', we slidin', the feds are comin' (yeah, yeah, yeah, man, what?)
he fuckin' his bitches (bitches), them niggas (niggas) his sons (let's get it)
i'm hangin' with killers, we breakin' a bond (yeah, yeah, yeah, bond)
they really don't mean it, he say it in songs (yeah, mean it, say it in songs)
they really don't mean it, he play it in songs (pussy, bitch, bitch)
ah, ha

--- Kodak Black - Tunnel Vision ---
glee
southside
ayy, lil' metro on that beat
lil' kodak, they don't like to see you winnin'
they wanna see you in the penitentiary
i need me a lil' baby who gon' listen
girl, i don't wanna be the one you iggin'
my mama told me, "boy, make good decisions"
right now i gotta keep a tunnel vision
i need me a lil' baby who gon' listen
girl, i don't wanna be the one you iggin'
lil' kodak, they don't like to see you winnin'
they wanna see you in the penitentiary
i need me a lil' baby who gon' listen
girl, i don't wanna be the one you iggin'
my mama told me, "boy, make good decisions"
right now i gotta keep a tunnel vision
they sendin' all my homies on a mission
and i ain't tryna miss out on these millions
i jumped up out the wraith, kodak bought a wraith
i get any girl i want, any girl i want
she want me to save the day, but i ain't got a cape
she wanna see me every day, she wanna be my bae
that money make me cum, it make me fornicate, uh
i'm the shit, i need some toilet paper
follow my player rules, then we gon' be okay
on the real, i need a bih who gon' cooperate
lil' kodak, they don't like to see you winnin'
they wanna see you in the penitentiary
i need me a lil' baby who gon' listen
girl, i don't wanna be the one you iggin'
my mama told me, "boy, make good decisions"
right now i gotta keep a tunnel vision
i need me a lil' baby who gon' listen
girl, i don't wanna be the one you iggin'
lil' kodak, they don't like to see you winnin'
they wanna see you in the penitentiary
i need me a lil' baby who gon' listen
girl, i don't wanna be the one you iggin'
my mama told me, "boy, make good decisions"
right now i gotta keep a tunnel vision
they sendin' all my homies on a mission
and i ain't tryna miss out on these millions
i told you niggas i'm gon' be that fuckin' nigga
everything be good 'til you doin' better than 'em
they wanna see a nigga shot or see me in the system
all you niggas out here poison like snake venom
codeine in my liver, rockin' balenciaga denim
i'm booted even when i'm sober, i don't need a jigga
they sendin' all my niggas on a fuckin' journey
i told that baby to come over 'cause i'm fuckin' horny
my mama told me, "kill these niggas, son, keep it goin'"
i'm thug to the bone, but i'm still her baby boy
lil' kodak, boy, they hate to see you in a foreign
they miss when you was in that 'yota kickin' doors
lil' kodak, they don't like to see you winnin'
they wanna see you in the penitentiary
i need me a lil' baby who gon' listen
girl, i don't wanna be the one you iggin'
my mama told me, "boy, make good decisions"
right now i gotta keep a tunnel vision
i need me a lil' baby who gon' listen
girl, i don't wanna be the one you iggin'
lil' kodak, they don't like to see you winnin'
they wanna see you in the penitentiary
i need me a lil' baby who gon' listen
girl, i don't wanna be the one you iggin'
my mama told me, "boy, make good decisions"
right now i gotta keep a tunnel vision
they sendin' all my homies on a mission
and i ain't tryna miss out on these millions

--- Nipsey Hussle - Hussle & Motivate ---
pull up in motorcades, i got a show today
this all i'm tryna do, hustle and motivate
choppers a throwaway, hustle the hova way
that's why they follow me, huh? they think i know the way
'cause i took control of things, ballin' the solo way
and if you pattern my trend, i make you my protege
slauson ave soldier raised, niggas don't know them days
take you in back of the buildings, make you expose your age
take you across the tracks, make you explode a face
now you official now, but you got a soul to save
i just been cookin' that new, i'm 'bout to drop in a few
think if i call it the great, the people gon' call it the truth
ain't really trip on the credit, i just paid all of my dues
i just respected the game, now my name all in the news
trippin' on all of my moves, quote me on this, got a lot more to prove
remember i came in this bitch fresh out the county with nothin' to lose
and i don't do this for nothin', nah, from the ground up, yeah
but i don't do this shit for nothin', no, no, not at all, yeah
my mama need rent, ma need rent, yeah, she do, aw yeah
so i don't do this shit for nothin', no, not at all, all
i told her i got it, oh, yeah
so i don't do this shit for nothin', not at all, from the ground up
hustle and motivate (woo)
back in this bitch like i never left
stand for some shit that you never rep
passing through stages in life
through the ups and the downs like it's all just another test
live by the rules like a fuckin' ref
i got respect in a hundred sets
too many chains, need another chest
playin' no games if it wasn't chess
cut from that cloth that you couldn't stretch
cut from that circle you couldn't test
heavily pressured and under stress
even though niggas ain't show it, we was a mess
honest attempt, play him to the left
judge a young nigga by they address
left us no option, what they expect?
only thing we knew for sure was to bang the set
fuck livin' basic, i'm takin' risks
fuck what they sayin', i'm sayin' this
don't waste your time, it don't make you rich
it don't mean nothin', so fuck 'em, let's make a grip
double up, triple up, make it six
ballin' so hard, you could pay a bitch
lead to the lake if they wanna fish
make sure them niggas around you stick to the script
this should be written in stone
you should come visit my zone
don't take my word, double-check all of my flows
ask 'em how hussle got on
but fuck what you heard
this is for who walked down that road
sold everything but they soul
straight off the curb, real niggas rich as you nerds
addressed to whom it may concern
i don't do this for nothin', nah
from the ground up, yeah
but i don't do this shit for nothin', no, no, not at all, yeah
my mama need rent, ma need rent, yeah, she do, aw yeah
so i don't do this shit for nothin', no, not at all, all
i told her i got it, oh, yeah
so i don't do this shit for nothin', not at all, from the ground up
hustle and motivate (woo)
hustle and motivate, hustle and motiv— (cut the bass out)
hustle and motiv—, hustle and motivate (all money in, nigga)
hustle and motiv—, hustle and motiv—
hustle and motiv—, hustle and motivate
(victory lap)

--- Denzel Curry - RICKY ---
fnz
oh, damn
first they mockin', now they hoppin'
all on the wave, 'cause they see me poppin'
big-big-big large pockets, they start flockin'
here's what i say when they ass keep knockin'
my daddy said, "trust no man but your brothers
and never leave your day ones in the gutter"
my daddy said, "treat young girls like your mother"
my mama said, "trust no ho, use a rubber"
i'ma act, one, two, stop the track
bring it back, what it do?
see, ricky said, "never let nobody get the one up on you
if they run up on you, hit 'em with a one, two or a bitch slap
leave the cul-de-sac, your brothers gon' have your back regardless
and stick with your day one homies that was here before you started
and fear no man but the man above your head"
"pray before you go to bed," every day my mama said
first they mockin', now they hoppin'
all on the wave, 'cause they see me poppin'
big-big-big large pockets, they start flockin'
here's what i say when they ass keep knockin'
my daddy said, "trust no man but your brothers
and never leave your day ones in the gutter"
my daddy said, "treat young girls like your mother"
my mama said, "trust no ho, use a rubber"
my daddy said, "trust no man but your brothers
and never leave your day ones in the gutter"
my daddy said, "treat young girls like your mother"
my mama said, "trust no ho, use a rubber"
and your mama ain't shit, your daddy ain't shit
and i been makin' waves way before 
nostalgic
that was back in carol city, yeah, when i was just a jit
with the all-black faded dickie with the raider fit
that was it, we was lit, y'all wasn't even shit yet (yeah, ho)
we was three 6, wu-tang mixed with dipset
ricky used to take me to my first shows ever
would only drop jewels way before they dropped cheddar
first they mockin', now they hoppin'
all on the wave, 'cause they see me poppin'
big-big-big large pockets, they start flockin'
here's what i say when they ass keep knockin'
my daddy said, "trust no man but your brothers
and never leave your day ones in the gutter"
my daddy said, "treat young girls like your mother"
my mama said, "trust no ho, use a rubber"
my daddy said, "trust no man but your brothers
and never leave your day ones in the gutter"
my daddy said, "treat young girls like your mother"
my mama said, "trust no ho, use a rubber"

--- Vince Staples - Norf Norf ---
bitch, you thirsty, please grab a sprite
my crips lurking, don't die tonight
i just want to dance with you, baby
just don't move too fast, i'm too crazy
man down, downey ave, it gets shady
take a nigga mind off that
we can dip, fuck in the whip, slide right back in the function
one wrong word, start busting
put that on my yankee hat
i'm a gangsta crip, fuck gangsta rap
where the ladies at? where the ho's? where the bitches?
every real nigga know the difference
bandana brown like the dope daddy shooting in the kitchen
real norfside nigga, never went to poly, wilson, or cabrillo
cocaine color of a creole
t-skrap moving for the d-low, and he know
i ain't never ran from nothing but the police
i ain't never ran from nothing but the police
i ain't never ran from nothing but the police
from the city where the skinny carry strong heat
norfside, long beach (norfside, long beach)
hit the corner, make a dollar, flip it
split the dollars with my mama children
folks need porsches, ho's need abortions
i just need y'all out of my business
never no problem playin' no bitches
never no problem sprayin' no witnesses
no face, no case, been with the shit
hopped out broad day, then emptied clips
cut class 'cause it wasn't 'bout cash
school wasn't no fun, couldn't bring my gun
know a change gon' come like obama 'n 'em say
but they shooting everyday 'round my mama 'n 'em way
so we put an ak where kiana 'n 'em stay
and that's for any nigga say he got a problem with me
how i'm crippin' where i'm livin', come and follow me
pistol-popping poppy street (poppy street)
i ain't never ran from nothing but the police
i ain't never ran from nothing but the police
i ain't never ran from nothing but the police
from the city where the skinny carry strong heat
norfside, long beach (norfside, long beach)
nate dogg still here 'cause of niggas like me
police still scared 'cause of niggas like me
in the hood like a dollar sweet tea or a louis burger
you ain't with the business, nigga, who you murdered?
you ain't heard of coldchain? best thang smokin' out the city
riding 'round with the same shotgun that shot ricky
lil' nigga should've zigzagged, then he got his back wet
naughty running norfside, niggas better fact-check
frontin' with the gun talk, i ain't heard a clap yet
all my niggas front street, they the niggas best yet
'cept for lil' halftime, brody bang the five blocks
sorry, i hit your homie five times, better grab chalk
did it, got away with it out the civic
we crippin', long beach city, pay a visit
park ramona, pop-block the corner
giving hell 'til it's frozen over, i ain't never ran from nothing
i ain't never ran from nothing but the police
i ain't never ran from nothing but the police
i ain't never ran from nothing but the police
from the city where the skinny carry strong heat
norfside, long beach (norfside, long beach)

--- Juice WRLD - Bandit ---
it's funny, the shit i put on this song ain’t gon' sound nothin' like the shit we was just doin’
oh, yeah
i just want bad bitches
baddest, them bitches is the baddest, uh, uh
when i take the molly, i'm a savage
uh, i say, uh
i don't need no molly to be savage, uh
when i'm on that molly, i feel savage, uh, uh
she the definition of a bad bitch
stole her, i'm the definition of a bandit, uh, ayy
i don't need no molly to be savage, uh, ayy
but when i'm on the molly, i feel savage
ayy, my girl the definition of a bad bitch
stole her heart, i'm the definition of a bandit
put the percs down and picked up the jiggas, jiggas, jiggas
tommy in the fucking tommy hilfiger, ’figer, ’figer
that tommy hit a nigga, tommy hilfiger, fuck niggas
i'm nice, when i’m high off the pills, i'ma fuck with her
i don't smoke skunk, but tonight i'm getting stuck, nigga
pour the codeine up and put some molly in the cup with it
i know she a freak, uh-huh, she gon’ fuck with it
she my velcro, uh-huh, guess i'm stuck with her
i dive in it like a sailor, i love to nail her
addicted to her paraphernalia, i had to tell her
i see it like a fortune teller
your ex-nigga did good, i could do better
bad bitch from the woods, i think she a hunter
she a killer and an eater, she a jeffrey dahmer
i can tell when she in her feelings, i can read her like a book
no tec, no beretta, fn on me, am i understood?
yeah, yeah, yeah
i don't need no molly to be savage, uh
when i'm on that molly, i feel savage, uh, uh
she the definition of a bad bitch
stole her, i'm the definition of a bandit, uh, ayy
i don't need no molly to be savage, uh, ayy
but when i'm on the molly, i feel savage
ayy, my girl the definition of a bad bitch
stole her heart, i'm the definition of a bandit
my brother point her out and she a bad bitch, i'm on her
must ain't heard that i'm a savage, once i get a bitch, i own her
i see she got swag, i got cash so i want her
see this four-five in my pants, put on your ass, push up on bruh
shawty, she a rider with that glizzy on her (glizzy on her)
and shawty, i'ma dada with no semi on me (semi on me)
if we got a problem, we get rid of homie (yeah)
put twenty thousand in your pocket, we gon' get the money (yeah)
i'm the definition of a bandit (honest)
took your heart from out his hands and still ain't saying shit (on my mama)
some new killers in my circle you done ran with
like this dirty .38, this bitch'll damage
popping wheelies, 4k trey, call when you land with it (pop, pop, pop)
i let you drive and slide with my bros where they be laying with it (skrrt)
i work this bitch, i open up a can with it
like fuck the stove, i make it jump without my hand in it
i don't need no molly to be savage, uh
when i'm on that molly, i feel savage, uh, uh
she the definition of a bad bitch
stole her, i'm the definition of a bandit, uh, ayy
i don't need no molly to be savage, uh, ayy
but when i'm on the molly, i feel savage
ayy, my girl the definition of a bad bitch
stole her heart, i'm the definition of a bandit

--- Stormzy - Big For Your Boots ---
in your town to–
in your town to–
in your town to–
–night
you're getting way too big for your boots
you're never too big for the boot
i've got the big size 12s on my feet
your face ain't big for my boot
skeng chat
, kick up the yout
man know that i kick up the yout
dem boy dere tried twist up the truth
how dare you twist up the truth? look
you're getting way too big for your boots
you're never too big for the boot
i've got the big size 12s on my feet
your face ain't big for my boot
skeng chat
, kick up the yout
man know that i kick up the yout
dem boy dere tried twist up the truth
how dare you twist up the truth?
wanna come round here like a badboy? do it
bun all the talking, go on then, do it
running through the party, bottle of bacardi
bro's in my ear saying "stormz, don't do it" (huh?)
devil on my shoulder, i don't lack (wha'?)
hit 'em with a crowbar, i don't scrap (yeah)
even when i'm sober, i'm so gassed
say you ride but there's no car and no mash (what you talkin' 'bout?)
clown, stand down
never had a mac-10 or a trey pound
you were never bad then, you ain't bad now
never had the mac then, little nigga, back down
wait, i saw bare kicks, saw bare clothes
said fuck that, i can't wear those
i don't like them, they're not my ting
they went silent, they're all weirdos
like yeah, stormz gone clear
never had a tom ford or a moncler
mandem are calm, but you see my don there?
fuckeries, tell 'em don't do it, don't dare
don't care who you know from my block (my block)
you're not al capone, you'll get boxed (get boxed)
they can take my car and my creps (my creps)
i'll still do the road in my socks
like who's gonna stop me? you? him?
weed in a cigarette, blue slims
don't be an idiot, move smart
i've been killing it, new king
niggas ain't ready for my new stuff
you're a prick by yourself, go and group up
and when krept went states for the bets
i was covering krept like a bootcut
its mad, that's a family ting, straight family ting
dem man are broke, no salary ting
had a peng ting called amy
telling me to come round hers on a valerie ting
#merky academy ting
coming like art in a gallery ting
dem boy dere wanna chat about bars
wanna chat about crud but, but, but
you're getting way too big for your boots
you're never too big for the boot
i've got the big size 12s on my feet
your face ain't big for my boot
skeng chat
, kick up the yout
man know that i kick up the yout
dem boy dere tried twist up the truth
how dare you twist up the truth? look
i'm too hot
drug money in my shoebox
i'm the man of the house and my shows sold out
like the brudda from the boondocks
beats 1 in my boombox
still steal meat from the stew pot
mandem go sick when my tune drops
little man, that's a hublot, not a hublot
what? pronounce it right, you prick
i go mad, yeah, i'm down to die for this
i don't care, bro, i'm down to pipe your chick
mad stressed so i'm bound to light my spliffs
wait (wait), i'm bound to ride for flipz
real gs gonna ride around to this
man, i've got no time to write a diss
i never left my nine to five for this wasteman ting
i don't care what rave man's in
i came here to relax but if it gets mad
mek a young boy take man's tings
try tell me i'm way too big to rebel? (what?)
nah, man, you're never too big to rebel (what?)
i was in the o2 singing my lungs out
rudeboy, you're never too big for adele
leave my yard, blow a kiss to my girl (girl)
salute to my sister as well
gotta keep trophies down at my mum's bit
man, i'm getting way too big for my shelf
man, i see bare mcs wanna sideline
but i still got a couple bangers in the pipeline
man, i've got grown men '@'ing me bullshit
you're getting way too old for the timeline
you're getting way too old for a diss (for a diss)
should've looked after your kids (your kids)
get out the booth, go home to your son (son)
it's never too late to commit
it's like man love put my name in a bar
random flight, get a plane to qatar
this year, i learnt how to take care of business
next year, i'll learn how to play the guitar
you're getting way too big for your boots
you're never too big for the boot
i've got the big size 12s on my feet
your face ain't big for my boot
skeng chat
, kick up the yout
man know that i kick up the yout
dem boy dere tried twist up the truth
how dare you twist up the truth? look
you're getting way too big for your boots
you're never too big for the boot
i've got the big size 12s on my feet
your face ain't big for my boot
skeng chat
, kick up the yout
man know that i kick up the yout
dem boy dere tried twist up the truth
how dare you twist up the truth?

--- Dave - Funky Friday ---
1-6
game
at this age
how are them man still hatin'?
my young boy in a different country
but he ain't ever been on vacation
one hand on the girl i'm datin'
one hand on the cash i'm makin'
we come through like funky friday
and have all of your mandem skatin'
i came in, five-fifty on trainers
island girl amazing, could be bajan, trini, or haitian
she got a bag with flowers
if the trainers match, i'll take it
me and bro just shut down gucci
had the whole of the shop floor waitin'
who's that girl in the line
with the big behind that's looking all temptin'?
if her friend is a dead ting
take one for the team with a bredrin
two peng tings at the entrance
want attention, but a man can't let them
she must think i'm a reverend
you ain't comin' here getting redemption, no way
at this age
how are them man still hatin'?
my young boy in a different country
but he ain't ever been on vacation
one hand on the girl i'm datin'
one hand on the cash i'm makin'
we come through like funky friday
and have all of your mandem skatin'
i see dem man skatin' now, i'm talking about runnin' their legs
my youngins in country, plugging the z
he can't even buck me till nothin' is left
i flooded my right, i flooded my left
i'm duckin' your wife, i'm duckin' the feds
the bell on the trap, it's buzzin' again
but still, i ain't tryin' to get busted by feds
look, man, i ain't caught the bus in a sec
it's me and my rambo cuttin' through west
the way that i went and just flooded my neck
i'm shocked that i ain't gotta struggle for breath
with me and the misses be goin' on dates
she's holding the dipper, i'm holding her waist
just see some pigs moving low in the mains
so i phone up my nigga and told him the plate
tell a peng girl you can hmu
i don't wanna cuddle and h-u-g
and i'm still shoppin' in hmv
for all of my niggas in hmp
heard you got a girl going dmu
if i dm'd you would she dm me?
young black brudda, i'm a stylish g
man, i put the ic in ic3
they tell me i'm gifted in rap
nothin' was nice, used to live in the trap
now if i go ask that chick for her snap
i can bet money she's giving me that
i'm always in harrods, i'm filling the bag
them niggas ain't winners, them niggas are mad
gyal at my vid and them bitches are bad
they get picked in the foreigns and ditched in the cab
(game)
at this age
how are them man still hatin'?
my young boy in a different country
but he ain't ever been on vacation
one hand on the girl i'm datin'
one hand on the cash i'm makin'
we come through like funky friday
and have all of your mandem skatin'

--- Central Cee - Doja ---
how can i be homophobic? my bitch is gay
hit man in the top, try see a man topless, even the stick is gay
huggin' my bruddas and say that i love them, but i don't swing that way
the mandem celebrate eid, the trap still runnin' on christmas day
somebody tell doja cat that i'm tryna indulge in that
in my grey tracksuit, see the bulge in that
see the motion clap when you're throwin' it back (when you're throwin' it back)
these females plannin' on doin' me wrong
so i'm grabbin' a 'dom out the trojan pack
post the location after we're gone
can't slip and let them know where we're at
i don't know about you, but i valuе my life (but i value my life)
'causе imagine i die (die)
and i ain't made a hundred ms yet
there's so much things i ain't done yet
like fuckin' a flight attendant, huh
i don't party, but i heard cardi there, so fuck it, i might attend it
gotta kick back sometimes and wonder
how life would've been if i never did take them risks and would have i prospered?
floatin' and i won't go under
been outta town for a month
absence made the love grow fonder
uk rap or uk drill, gotta mention my name if you talk 'bout the genre (alright)
ho-ho-how can i be homophobic? (my bitch is gay)
hit man in the top, try see a man topless, even the stick is gay
huggin' my bruddas and say that i love them, but i don't swing that way (way)
the mandem celebrate eid, the trap still runnin' on christmas day
ho-ho-how can i be homophobic? my bitch is gay
hit man in the top, try see a man topless, even the stick is gay
huggin' my bruddas and say that i love them, but i don't swing that way
the mandem celebrate eid, the trap still runnin' on christmas day

--- Skepta - Shutdown ---
man's never been in marquee when it's shutdown, eh?
truss mi, daddy
hey, ayy
man's never been in
when it's shutdown
that's not me and it's shutdown
ring-ring pussy, it's shutdown
fashion week and it's shutdown
went to the show, sitting in the front row
in a black tracksuit and it's shutdown
touch the road and it's shutdown
boy better know and it's shutdown
yeah, take time
if a man wan' try me, no time
usain bolt when i run up on stage
i pick up the mic and it's reload time
don't know your songs, but they know mine
that's why i got gigs just like joe grind
after the show, i be rolling mine
don't care 'bout the 'no smoking' sign
they try to steal my vision
this ain't a culture, it's my religion
god knows i don't wanna go prison
but if a man wan' try me? trust me, listen
me and my gs ain't scared of police
we don't listen to no politician
everybody on the same mission
and we don't care about your –ism and schisms (ice)
'cause it's shutdown
that's not me and it's shutdown
ring-ring pussy, it's shutdown
fashion week and it's shutdown
went to the show, sitting in the front row
in a black tracksuit and it's shutdown
touch the road and it's shutdown
boy better know and it's shutdown
you wanna act like a g for the camera
you say you're muslim, you say you're rasta
say you don't eat pork? don't eat pussy?
liar, you're just a actor
blud, you're not on your deen
and if selassie saw you he would say
"blud, take off the red, gold, and green"
them man are soft just like ice cream
szeen? start moving correctly
if you don't wanna upset me, you get me?
you tryna show me your fendi
i told you before, this shit don't impress me (trust me)
i bet i make you respect me
when you see the mandem are selling out wembley
roll deep in a blacked out bentley
pull up outside like, "wah gwan, sexy?"
yeah, and it's shutdown
that's not me and it's shutdown
ring-ring pussy, it's shutdown
fashion week and it's shutdown
went to the show, sitting in the front row
in a black tracksuit and it's shutdown
touch the road and it's shutdown
boy better know and it's shutdown
a bunch of young men all dressed in black dancing extremely aggressively on stage
it made me feel so intimidated and it's just not what i expect to see on primetime tv
i'm in a different class
when i get through, i'ma bring my dargs
two by two, man a walk on the ark
sittin' at the front, just like rosa parks
trust me, you don't wanna see me get dark
upset 'cause man are way up right now
and the shit happened all so fast
i was in paris, shut down l'arc
new york, shut down central park (ice)
talk about london, yo, frisco, where shall i start?
walked in, spat ten 16-bars
and each and every one of them came from the heart
none of my lyrics are stolen
"go on then, go on then", that's my slogan
wanna know how i did it with no label
no a-list songs, and i told them
blud, i just shutdown
that's not me and it's shutdown
ring-ring pussy, it's shutdown
fashion week and it's shutdown
went to the show, sitting in the front row
in a black tracksuit and it's shutdown
touch the road and it's shutdown
boy better know and it's shutdown
yeah, i just shutdown
that's not me and it's shutdown
ring-ring pussy, it's shutdown
fashion week and it's shutdown
went to the show, sitting in the front row
in a black tracksuit and it's shutdown
touch the road and it's shutdown
boy better know and it's shutdown
link up, daddy
alright
yo, tomorrow i'm gonna come scoop you, eh? we'll go to biz's
yeah, for sure
alright
dun know

--- J Hus - Did You See ---
(jae5)
did you see what
did you see what i done? (yeah, yeah)
did you see what i (yeah-yeah-yeah, yeah, yeah)
did you see what i done?
came in a black benz, left in a white one
i'm just a hoodlum, i came with my bonsam
when niggas wanna try somethin'
did you see what i done?
came in a black benz, left in a white one
i'm just a hoodlum, i came with the bonsam
when niggas wanna try somethin'
came looking like a ganja farmer
your daddy better hide his daughter
shake her bunda just like i taught her
splashed her bunda with holy water
lickle spice for the winter season
your chicken needs a lickle season (yeah)
did you see what he did?
the black benz turn white and they can't believe it
make 'em repeat it
that's some new shit, they've never seen it
you should feel it, meet and greet it
i would be a genius if i didn't think with my penis
gyaldem thinkin' i'm awesome
mandem approach with caution
true say we came with the bonsam
but true say we came for the bunda
some round ting that i can put my paws on
did you see what i done?
came in a black benz, left in a white one
i'm just a hoodlum, i came with my bonsam
when niggas wanna try somethin'
did you see what i done?
came in a black benz, left in a white one
i'm just a hoodlum, i came with the bonsam
when niggas wanna try somethin'
came smellin' like i've robbed a 9-bar
lookin' for the baddest diva
hol' up, let me analyse her, batty lookin' like a hypnotiser
come let me try some, suttin' you can climb on
oh, you're a shy one, who you tryna hide from?
baby, jump in the black ride and put your friend in the white one
i'm a benzo addict, pulled up in traffic
me and my friends switched cars and it looked like magic
they never seen such a skinny man in a big puffer jacket
that's unfamiliar, i came lookin' like a bodybuilder
out here's windy, yana, you're the one that i'm into, yana
don't you wanna see the interior?
did you see what i done?
came in a black benz, left in a white one
i'm just a hoodlum, i came with my bonsam
when niggas wanna try somethin'
did you see what i done?
came in a black benz, left in a white one
i'm just a hoodlum, i came with the bonsam
when niggas wanna try somethin'
did you see what i done?
came in a black benz, left in a white one
i'm just a hoodlum, i came with my bonsam
when niggas wanna try somethin'
did you see what i done?
came in a black benz, left in a white one
i'm just a hoodlum, i came with the bonsam
when niggas wanna try somethin'

--- Fredo - Money Talks ---
look
let's keep it real
if money talks, then why them man there speakin' still?
"i heard you and her doing a ting?" nah, babe
we're just speaking, still, chill
my girl like five foot three when she's in heels
i mean, i've just seen feds on the m way
let's keep it facts
if money talks, then why them man there speakin' back?
"i heard you and her doing a ting?" nah, g
it ain't even that, cap
my young boy love riding out, he don't even trap, yo
she wanna leave with the kid
like my cases, i'm beatin' it quick
yo, why you still speakin' your shit?
money talks, you don't need any lips
i got robbers that's runnin' with me
when you see us, best tuck in the piece
i don't shit in the trap, no touchin' them seats
if i'm in there, i'm flushin' the ki's
free blacks, they handed him time
like my audi, he'll handle it fine
disrespect me, i'll bang on the nine
we come next day like amazon prime
if we go, we're takin' a glock
she likes my clothes, she's takin' them off
my tape took long, if you waited, i'm soz
but first we had to drop tape on their block
yo, you know what's funny to me?
three hundred racks ain't no money to me
you're broke, that's why she act funny to be
bro, you better just run it to me
now them shows are a hundred a fee
i cooked ****, done him for free
my plug for a present, it's coming for cheap
them boxes i got ain't for under no tree
cocaine, no weed on the scale
no gossip, we leave it to girls
trap boys, so easy to tell
got more soda than kenan and kel
no i don't dance, i money walk
whipping up with the money fork
them man been chattin' for days
but me? i let my money talk
let's keep it real
if money talks, then why them man there speakin' still?
"i heard you and her doing a ting?" nah, babe
we're just speaking, still, chill
my girl like five foot three when she's in heels
i mean, i've just seen feds on the m way
let's keep it facts
if money talks, then why them man there speakin' back?
"i heard you and her doing a ting?" nah, g
it ain't even that, cap
my young boy love riding out, he don't even trap
i see them man steal the style
fuck them man
i don't respect my paigons
coochie freshly shaven
man's got expectations
old ting try flex on man last week with a dead baecation
baby, i go heathrow more than your man goes petrol station
two white, ronnie and roxy
year 9, donnie did rob me
big flick ****, that's gotta be on me
before black ops, we had zombies
spooky bando
this t eerie, no henry
jean, amiri, come costly
gotta have teeth when a mans this flossy
let's keep it real
if money talks, then why them man there speakin' still?
"i heard you and her doing a ting?" nah, babe
we're just speaking, still, chill
my girl like five foot three when she's in heels
i mean, i've just seen feds on the m way
fuck that, i'm speeding still
i got a brownin' saying i'm toxic
so what? i'm beatin' still
we've come a long way from days in the back of the bus with the cheapest deals
still half that price, dark and light
that's denise and phil
let's keep it facts
if money talks, then why them man there speakin' back?
"i heard you and her doing a ting?" nah, g
it ain't even that, cap
my young boy love riding out
he don't even trap
i see them man steal the style
i'm gonna need it back
trap boy wanna sign with sony
left there, kept dealin' packs
they know we're speakin' facts
don't even speak if you ain't speakin' wraps
dark and light, feed the cats
that's denise and max

--- Giggs - Talking the hardest remix ---
if you're talkin' the hardest
giggs better pop up in your thoughts as an artist (jheeze)
taunting the market
everybody wants to know where walk in da park is (hah)
walk in the party, sporting armani
half of the crowd's all snorting my charlie
sorted the bar, time to sort the punani
chicks looking at me like "talk to me darling" (jheeze)
hollering at man
winking, smiling and wanna attack man
i think these lighties loving my black gang
everyone's suit same colour as batman's (ooh)
flipping like a quarter a brick (yeah)
bag 28 with a thought of a jib (yeah)
anybody thinks they can talk to my clique
will end up covered in red like a portion of chips
sneakbo, let me show you the wave (that's right)
gunman, fam, i don't play games (that's right)
badman, now i'm out on a rage (yeah)
i roll out then lock off the rave
when i ride no phone (no phone), you can't get me
no ping ping, nobody don't text me (that's right)
j.kidd soon cruise in the x3 (vroom)
i call dutch if a don try vex me (grrah)
sneak-to-the-bo (yeah), i'm well known (that's right)
i bang bang and i still get dough (get dough)
i went jail, fuck feds, now i'm home
you know (yeah), i ain't bait on the roads (nah)
i'm sorry, 'scuse me shorty (shorty)
what you doing? 'cause i wan' have a party (da)
gg and the southside barbies (barbies)
rip bras then mash up the nanni (uh)
vicious .44 (grrah), locked in the house (da)
bare fat corn make your brain fall out (yeah)
still g.a.s. try come round town
when me, m.kizzle and dank be about (gas gang)
fall back, and don't chat
it's gunshots for them paigon yats (grrah)
i like girls with an african back (african back)
jetski gotta dagga-dagga-dat
i'm badder than bad (bad), i'm mad (mad)
innocent, why they wan' lock mags? (maggi)
click clack, mad h, lil shak
i'm stressed out, bill a zoobie kick back
how ya mean? how ya mean? how ya mean? how ya mean?
it ain't calm we don't squash no beef (no)
bally on my face, four fizzy in my jeans
i'll turn these batty boy r.i.p

--- Headie One - 18HUNNA ---
eighteen hunna for the new rusty
four and a half in the bando, profit oh so lovely
(169)
eighteen hunna for the new rusty
man grab it and kick it like rugby
i was in the t house, head back dusty
still waking up to nudes in country
four and a half in the bando, profit oh so lovely
my little bro shitted out the pack and flushed it
tell me how he could be so clumsy?
these bad b's coming to the niz
they don't really love me, but they love me
from qway, been doing up upsy
yeah, i swear man done more sales than gumtree
if i get me that drop, it won't be nothin' like humpty's
backdoor bus, watch me get dumpy
these opps can't never get comfy
heart of a lion
skenged up for the field
cah i might buck me a python
snakes in the grass, i don't know who's preeing on my ting
still gotta keep money on my mindset
losing weight all last year
and i ain't ever been on no diet
shh-shh got shh, all bait
all now gang gotta keep that one quiet
half asleep last night, i done a night shift
i couldn't even count those tenners and fivers
i was fifteen stepping, stressing out cab drivers
skengs in the wiz, no licence
i know full, i know full well where the .9 is
you can't talk about riding
eighteen hunna for the new rusty
man grab it and kick it like rugby
i was in the t house, head back dusty
still waking up to nudes in country
four and a half in the bando, profit oh so lovely
my little bro shitted out the pack and flushed it
tell me how he could be so clumsy?
these bad bs coming to the niz
they don't really love me, but they love me
from qway, been doing up upsy
yeah, i swear man done more sales than gumtree
if i get me that drop, it won't be nothin' like humpty's
backdoor bus, we could get dumpy
these opps can't never get comfy (look)
no composure, still flip like motorolas
diss me, then i'm phoning bro up
hop into the oldest motor
my west ting want to leave me
but i told her i need three weeks' notice
don't listen to them, they're loafers
we got beef with them man's olders
olders, hocus pocus
eyes all rolling back
gotta tap that face like "babes, stay focused"
we ain't ever had no—
you see, most of my g's got birded
that's why i've still gotta watch for the vultures
somalis i roll with
so it's akhi on the side like salt fish
literally
man's been tryna make history
but my little nigga in the ends
and he's still tryna turn man history
i've got twins in leicester
both tryna say that they're into me
but they ain't getting no ring from me
that's pot noodles and indomie
so, man just put dick in her belly
that girl got a big back like tellys
in two-double-oh-five, man's not ready
my somali called ali, not dele
that girl wasn't worthy of the bedroom
my brudda, she got touched on the settee
man came in heavy
you know what it is, it's dave and headie
eighteen hunna for the new rusty
man grab it and kick it like rugby
i was in the t house, head back dusty
still waking up to nudes in country
four and a half in the bando, profit oh so lovely
my little bro shitted out the pack and flushed it
tell me how he could be so clumsy?
these bad bs coming to the niz
they don't really love me, but they love me
from qway, been doing up upsy
yeah, i swear man done more sales than gumtree
if i get me that drop, it won't be nothin' like humpty's
backdoor bus, we could get dumpy
these opps can't never get comfy
(169)

--- ArrDee - Flowers (Say My Name) ---
(it's tekky)
hey, ooh
whoa, baby (whyjay)
hey, ooh
whoa, baby
ah, ah, ah
arrdee, arrdee
i don't give girls flowers, i'll give you good wood though
if you want me all for yourself, then, darling, you probably should go
there's no way i'ma stand in the rain
i can still make you say my name, say my name, say my name
life without me might drive you insane
i don't give girls flowers, i'll give you good wood though
if you want me all for yourself, then, darling, you probably should go
there's no way i'ma stand in the rain
i can still make you say my name, say my name, say my name
life without me might drive you insane
nah, babe, i can't make your day, but i can make your night
see, i ain't the trustin' type and it's lust, not lovе
and she said, "i'm done this time 'causе
you make love to me like i'm the one
then run off and duck my calls for a month
make me feel special and then like a mug
got you up in my guts but i hate your guts"
i come back, darling, why you rantin'?
girl, i'm single, and i always have been
never promised you nothin' but panting
sweating 'em plans on a late night antics
she said 
"you don't show me no respect
and you're only callin' me for the sex"
at least i call 'cause the rest just all come crawlin'
i don't give girls flowers, i'll give you good wood though
if you want me all for yourself, then, darling, you probably should go
there's no way i'ma stand in the rain
i can still make you say my name, say my name, say my name
life without me might drive you insane
i don't give girls flowers, i'll give you good wood though
if you want me all for yourself, then, darling, you probably should go
there's no way i'ma stand in the rain
i can still make you say my name, say my name, say my name
life without me might drive you insane
might drive you crazy, psycho
i'm wavy so i'm textin' typos
but you know what i'm on, come mine, girl
we can stay up all night 'til the light show (come through)
she said, "if i'm comin', i'm comin' to talk
ain't comin' to cum 'cause i'm done and i'm bored
not some little whore who will come anytime that you call
we ain't cool anymore"
ahh, tsk, why you gotta be like that?
you know you'll miss me and you'll be right back
and you're not a whore, you shouldn't speak like that
i'm nothin' but honest, you know how it is
the life that i live, i don't want a chick, i don't wanna settle
you know you're my favourite petal, but-
i don't give girls flowers, i'll give you good wood though
if you want me all for yourself, then, darling, you probably should go
there's no way i'ma stand in the rain
i can still make you say my name, say my name, say my name
life without me might drive you insane
i don't give girls flowers, i'll give you good wood though
if you want me all for yourself, then, darling, you probably should go
there's no way i'ma stand in the rain
i can still make you say my name, say my name, say my name
life without me might drive you insane
i'll bring you flowers in the pouring rain
living without you is driving me insane
i'll bring you flowers, i'll make your day
the tears you cry, i'll dry them all away, away

--- Aitch - Taste (Make It Shake) ---
show 'em baby how you flex and make it shake
all  that back and pretty face, gal, i'm tryna get a taste
i'm  just bopping, give a fuck who's in the place
gucci buckle with the snake but my hoodie looking bape
show 'em baby how you flex and make it shake
all  that back and pretty face, gal, i'm tryna get a taste
i'm  just bopping, give a fuck who's in the place
gucci buckle with the snake but my hoodie looking bape
show  'em baby how you flex and make it bounce
make it drop it’s getting hot should we be waking up the house?
fuck it keep it up i know you love it when you're loud
but if we hear the door knocking we can't make another sound
love  my bruddahs that's for life, i know my family got me
couple bitches, couple haters, couple bands are on me
leave me be, i live my life with fucking cameras on me
do my thing, i'm setting pace go tell a man to stop me
couple bruddahs got a job, a couple buy and sell
grew up sliding round in north manny you can kinda tell
if you see me with a girl my chick be looking fly as well
louis v creps and the belt but the bag's chanel
had a rest and then i had to step the levels up
got it in my head that i'm the best so i ain't stressing much
i ain't on the fake shit so i ain't gonna beg for love
gally love me anyway, big shelly and i wet it up
show 'em baby how you flex and make it shake
all that back and pretty face, gal, i'm tryna get a taste
i'm just bopping, give a fuck who's in the place
gucci buckle with the snake but my hoodie looking bape
show 'em baby how you flex and make it shake
all that back and pretty face, gal, i'm tryna get a taste
i'm just bopping, give a fuck who's in the place
gucci buckle with the snake but my hoodie looking bape
yo
the aim's to get the bag and then get off
ain't got time to rest, not settling for second to the top
going all the way, you know i got to get it never flop
man step up in the dance and then we're wrecking up the spot
it's crazy how i'm living, might have lost a couple screws
blowing clouds up in the room now i'm off into the moon
still got a bit of youth in me i'm always in the mood
when i'm in the studio i don't want no-one in the room
uh
'bout to take another sip, i'm just young and living life
you can't blame it on the kid
kick back with a bottle while i make another quid
i'm the captain in this ting and it gets wavy on my ship
(yeah) man stay with the squaddy, waved in the lobby
getting paid is my hobby
one thick ting, should've seen the shape of her body
got me taking videos when she's shaking it for me
show 'em baby how you flex and make it shake
all that back and pretty face, gal, i'm tryna get a taste
i'm just bopping, give a fuck who's in the place
gucci buckle with the snake but my hoodie looking bape
show 'em baby how you flex and make it shake
all that back and pretty face, gal, i'm tryna get a taste
i'm just bopping, give a fuck who's in the place
gucci buckle with the snake but my hoodie looking bape
i slide around from time to time
you'll likely find a lighty by my side
she's spicy likes to ride 'cause i'm the guy
she wifey, nice and i say kinda shy
put my hoodie on baby and go and make it shake
trippin' out when i'm blazing i saw a bathing ape
got my girl going crazy i need to take a break
all these girls jumping on me it's got me taking chase
who am i to complain when money and fame's what drives me insane?
true say i could have worse problems
so i stay smiling and riding my wave
shit quick slip slide in the rave
got your chick's lipstick on the side of my face
this his bitch but mine for the day
so he gets dismissed when i’m in the place
show 'em baby how you flex and make it shake
all that back and pretty face, gal, i'm tryna get a taste
i'm just bopping, give a fuck who's in the place
gucci buckle with the snake but my hoodie looking bape
show 'em baby how you flex and make it shake
all that back and pretty face, gal, i'm tryna get a taste
i'm just bopping, give a fuck who's in the place
gucci buckle with the snake but my hoodie looking bape

--- Krept & Konan - Don’t Waste My Time ---
if she ain't fucking, she got to go
tell her 'don't waste my time'
police want to stop me, search my clothes
tell em 'don't waste my time'
if it ain't money i ain't involved
tell em 'don't waste my time'
wasteman waffling down my phone
tell em 'don’t waste my time' (nah nah nah)
tell em don’t waste my time (kaboom)
tell em don’t waste my time (oh yeah)
tell em don’t waste my time (nah)
tell em don’t waste my time (nah nah nah)
tell em don’t waste my time (kaboom)
tell em don’t waste my time (behave)
tell em don’t waste my time (da)
tell em don’t waste my time (nah nah nah)
pray to the lord nigga
in this cold world, i’m a born sinner
we pour liquor
girl come hova, it’s all jigga
chicks wanna holla, can't be my baby mama
'cause i don’t need that drama
unless she rihanna
most of you arseholes are bummy
i'll pop her cherry now she calling me papi
she asking me what’s on my body
versace, versace, versace (lord)
been that guy since oxide neutrino (man)
bound 4 da, bound 4 da reload (damn)
dick is as big as my ego (bam)
man will give her the d on the d low
if she ain't fucking, she got to go
tell her 'don't waste my time'
police want to stop me, search my clothes
tell em 'don't waste my time'
if it ain't money i ain't involved
tell em 'don't waste my time'
wasteman waffling down my phone
tell em 'don’t waste my time' (nah nah nah)
tell em don’t waste my time (kaboom)
tell em don’t waste my time (oh yeah)
tell em don’t waste my time (nah)
tell em don’t waste my time (nah nah nah)
tell em don’t waste my time (kaboom)
tell em don’t waste my time (behave)
tell em don’t waste my time (da)
tell em don’t waste my time (nah nah nah)
pretty girl on my left
pretty girl on my right
south side of that river
tell em don’t waste my time (kaboom)
troubz rolled up and he’s buzzing
screaming out if they ain’t with us then fuck 'em
excuse my french, i ain’t worried 'bout nothin'
"nigga i ain’t worried bout nothin', haaan"
gig shows, stacking dough
vip lounge full of ratchet hoes
them boys talking bout trapping o’s
fuck boys probably still jacking phones
roll up in my aj slippers
wanna fire? hit 'em first, yeah i ray j niggas
no chase, no chase till i taste straight liquor
got my kids in her mouth, that’s a play date nigga
if she ain't fucking, she got to go
tell her 'don't waste my time'
police want to stop me, search my clothes
tell em 'don't waste my time'
if it ain't money i ain't involved
tell em 'don't waste my time'
wasteman waffling down my phone
tell em 'don’t waste my time' (nah nah nah)
tell em don’t waste my time (kaboom)
tell em don’t waste my time (oh yeah)
tell em don’t waste my time (nah)
tell em don’t waste my time (nah nah nah)
tell em don’t waste my time (kaboom)
tell em don’t waste my time (behave)
tell em don’t waste my time (da)
tell em don’t waste my time (nah nah nah)

--- Digga D - Woi ---
m1onthebeat
damn, cee done it again
big dripper
magnum sipper, no nail clipper
free luga vellz
that ammi smells
and bitch, no, i won't cut my nails (boop, boop) (haha)
who's that my man? (woi, blue)
jump out, fry man (woi, blue)
why's he leaving his right hand? (oi, oi)
ayy, come back and back your boy (don't leave him)
(woi, woi, woi, woi, woi, woi, woi)
jump out, rise this toy (woi, woi)
jump out, rise this toy (woi, woi)
jump out (woi, woi, woi, woi, woi)
who's that my man? (woi, blue)
jump out, fry man (woi, blue)
why's he leaving his right hand? (oi, oi)
ayy, come back and back your boy (don't leave him)
(woi, woi, woi, woi, woi, woi, woi)
jump out, rise this toy (woi, woi)
jump out, rise this toy (woi, woi)
jump out (woi, woi, woi, woi, woi)
pull up (pull up)
let it beat (let it beat)
yaga yeet (yeet)
jump out, try put him in a coffin
i pray cameras don't see
ic3 on itv
if i see you, then i release
please release all my g's
my next door got ipp (free 'em up)
she got a soft spot for the gunmen (gunmen, gunmen)
man hit that shit from the back while i pull on her tracks, babe, say "west london"
let's have fun then (have fun then)
we get neck then run them (yes)
see the gyal that you want? man done them (done them)
you're on who? liar, come then
man rise it, fire, bun them
who's that my man? (woi, blue)
jump out, fry man (woi, blue)
why's he leaving his right hand? (oi, oi)
ayy, come back and back your boy (don't leave him)
(woi, woi, woi, woi, woi, woi, woi)
jump out, rise this toy (woi, woi)
jump out, rise this toy (woi, woi)
jump out (woi, woi, woi, woi, woi)
who's that my man? (woi, blue)
jump out, fry man (woi, blue)
why's he leaving his right hand? (oi, oi)
ayy, come back and back your boy (don't leave him)
(woi, woi, woi, woi, woi, woi, woi)
jump out, rise this toy (woi, woi)
jump out, rise this toy (woi, woi)
jump out (woi, woi, woi, woi, woi)
stuck in the dock, hickory-dickory (what?)
fucked 'nuff gyal like quagmire, lol, giggity-giggity
gyal wan' fuck pon digga d (yeah, yeah)
laugh out loud, you're killin' me, killin' me
run when man get fidgety (don't run)
man, we literally-literally pull up and shower your posse, tivoli
she likes the things in life that's finer
blow them racks, it's minor
as long as she don't switch sides like chyna
and frees up the vagina
turn his life to a timer
let that ding when the pin hits the primer
and if it ain't unknown t and them man, i don't like no other niner (mm-mm)
who's that my man? (woi, blue)
jump out, fry man (woi, blue)
why's he leaving his right hand? (oi, oi)
ayy, come back and back your boy (don't leave him)
(woi, woi, woi, woi, woi, woi, woi)
jump out, rise this toy (woi, woi)
jump out, rise this toy (woi, woi)
jump out (woi, woi, woi, woi, woi)
who's that my man? (woi, blue)
jump out, fry man (woi, blue)
why's he leaving his right hand? (oi, oi)
ayy, come back and back your boy (don't leave him)
(woi, woi, woi, woi, woi, woi, woi)
jump out, rise this toy (woi, woi)
jump out, rise this toy (woi, woi)
jump out (woi, woi, woi, woi, woi)
damn, cee done it again
luga vellz
the .9's filled to the brim with luger shells
m1onthebeat
it's a cgm takeover nigga, we're ringing bells
free the mandem, haha
woi, woi, woi, woi, woi

--- Little Simz - Boss ---
stop fucking with my heart
nigga, you was my dream, fool
oh, now you a man, ho?
i don't need that stress, that stress
i'm a boss in a fucking dress
nigga, stay in line
hype shit, never hype bitch
know now that you're dealing with a crisis
never been nice, never been nice nigga
i'm a thrift store kid, real fly, nigga
haven't seen a show 'til you see me live, nigga
at twenty-three, sold dreams to my side nigga
see god when you look me in my eyes, nigga
learnt from 'ye then went and touched the sky nigga
fifteen when i wrote "will to survive," nigga
fast-forward seven years, "low tides," nigga
stayed in my own lane, never sidetracked
i serve, serve, let me prep it, let me dice that
you likkle rodents went and fell into my mice trap
and you can send a diss, i will never write back
never lack, still whippin' main road, nigga
man, they should've never let me discover the mic
stop fucking with my heart
nigga, you was my dream, fool (little bitch)
oh, now you a man, ho?
i don't need that stress, that stress
i'm a boss in a fucking dress
nigga, stay in line
got in a pattern, followed the rhythm
i disregarded all opinions and continued my mission
unapologetically i be bossin' it, getting better with age
got it back, never lost it, my legacy remains
rejected the dotted line but not the pen
invested in myself, that was money well spent
came home, mummy burning incense
'member tryna think of ways to help contribute to the rent
now the room's upstate, top suite penthouse
views where there's no family or friends
what life do i want? know i gotta choose 'fore it's too late
well, i guess it all depends
i was running with toby and them
never looked back once i discovered the pen
dedicated it all to the art
who would've known it would be this from the start?
stop fucking with my heart
nigga, you was my dream, fool (little bitch)
oh, now you a man, ho?
i don't need that stress, that stress
i'm a boss in a fucking dress
nigga, stay in line
nigga, stay in line
stop fucking with my heart

--- Slowthai - Deal Wiv It ---
deal with it
alright, alright, alright, alright
walking, i walk to the shop, i bop and take it steady
fighting with my sisters in the house, she's on the couch
she don't move much
and my tea in my hand and i'm trying to do stuff
i woke up, i slept and woke up again (deal with it)
and this life don't ever fucking change (deal with it)
i went to the pub and asked for a pint for three quid (deal with it)
he said it's a fiver, well that's gentrification, you prick (deal with it)
walking back through my old estate
i see my mates, that ain't my mates and they don't wanna say safe
they say, "you've changed"
fucking deal with it (one, two, three, four)
deal with it
deal— deal— d-d-d-deal with— deal with—
deal with it
d-d-d-d-deal— deal— deal with it
fuck, deal with it
deal— deal d-d-d-deal with— deal with
deal with it
you're punishing yourself mate, deal with it
one percent on my phone ain't getting me home so i'm bopping
no options in this life give me nothing
every second you waste is a second closer to the pearly gates
huh, that's deep innit? it's deep, mate
i woke up, i slept and woke up again (deal with it)
and this life don't ever fucking change (deal with it)
people say i'm a nuisance, well what's the problem? (deal with it)
people say they're busy, well fuck off (deal with it)
just fucking deal with it (deal with it)
so, walking back through my old estate
i see my mates, that ain't my mates and they don't wanna say safe
they say, "you've changed" (oh, you've changed)
(oh, you've changed, oh, you've changed)
fucking deal with it (one, two, three, four)
deal with it
deal— deal— d-d-d-deal with— deal with—
deal with it
d-d-d-d-deal— deal— deal with it
fuck, deal with it
deal— deal— d-d-d-deal with— deal with—
deal with it
d-d-d-d-deal— deal— deal
life is hard but it's quite exciting
spin around, it's yung white lightning
say i can't speak my mind or vent my frustration
fucking deal with it (one, two, three, four)
see, life is hard but it's quite exciting
spin around, it's yung white lightning
say i can't speak my mind or vent my frustration
i wouldn't change it for anything
so, walking back through my old estate
i see my mates, that ain't my mates and they don't wanna say safe
they say, "you've changed"
(deal— deal— d-d-d-deal with it)
fucking deal with it
(d-d-d-d-deal— deal— deal with it)

--- Kano - 3 Wheel-Ups ---
3 wheel-ups in a row
that means i'm a direct rudeboy
2 2 yats of my own
that means i'm a direct rudeboy
man can't call up my phone
then gwan like a direct rudeboy
one side bag and a stoney
don't make you a direct rudeboy
some mcs come with the wickedest talk
but really, dem man chat crap
acting like a donny but they're gonna backtrack
when real niggas step on the riddim and chat facts
i don't put myself in places
if i weren't there then i weren't, let's face it
if you weren't there then you weren't, that's basic
i kill 'em with the realest shit and they hate it
i'm a diffuser, can't act tougher than you are round me
i've got youts dem tougher than you are round me
i nearly died for the game, that's right
but some spitters ain't nuttin' around me
i was getting 'em hyper, you was touching your lighter
i was kicking a mitre i'm a motherfucking g
none of you are bad round me, it's not only about me though
let me give a shoutout to my scene
pussy and rum, that's a rider for real mcs
me and wiley had a clash, that's a real mc
hold tight d double e, that's a real og
i said hold tight d double e, that's a real og
mad, reload ting
pop, pop, pop, that's a reload ting
and when i say, "it's kano in the house"
everybody knows that's a reload ting
if you've been shotting in the manor from way back when
and you ain't on a kilo ting
i don't wanna hear about cunch and food and tings
man don't do those tings
on-sight, thought he was onside, init
saw them guys, no shots fired, init
if you ain't real then don't ride, init
that postcode, that's offside, init
badman from which part? dem man do witchcraft
dem man do obeah, us man are kosher
i've been that nigga since kickers and loafers
in bits where kids don't give a shit about olders
where man don't care 'bout fathers
man just care 'bout figures
man don't care 'bout yards
man just care 'bout bimmers
man don't care whose arm
man just care if it's blinging
man don't care 'bout masks
man'll do it bare-face, init
we don't do none of that bare-face fibbing
the realest shit on your airwaves, init
3 wheel-ups in a row
that means i'm a direct rudeboy
2 2 yats of my own
that means i'm a direct rudeboy
man can't call up my phone
then gwan like a direct rudeboy
one side bag and a stoney
don't make you a direct rudeboy
can't tell me nuttin'
cook down mutton then pass through the gutter
link jus d, red cups out the cupboard
in the jungle, i move with original nuttahs
and the same madman fly out for the summer
lick two blocks? who are you? runners
shut down dance, who am i? shottas
couple wheel-ups at butterz, that's nuttin'
boiling point, i keep it 100
yeah, g goes in
bag a three-pointer, free throw ting (swish)
niggas looking at me on a keyhole ting
i'm a gangster and a gentleman, g-host ting
i'm a skinny nigga, nigga, me so slim
put the jimmy on, that's when the d goes in
man are getting money, type the keycodes in
please can i have my money? what's the keycode pin?
fuck that, niggas wanna act, we back them up
knife game-giving if it's backs, i axe them up (switch it)
i'm man of the match, i matched it up
and i'm with the bats, i patched it up
sitting in the trap with crack to cut
i'm sitting in the caff and cracked a cup
i'm silly with the mac, man mashed 'em up
i hit him with the blap, then backed the truck
so gully, we so slick
k, hollow, we both pimps
can't look inside the window, nigga, peep those tints
better tell the waiter, better leave those drinks
add a little bass, you better leave those synths
i'm silly with the clip, i'm gonna teach those chimps
man ah put it on him when we see those wimps
i'm finished with the little nigga, he's so rinsed
he's so jinxed, i'm king
and he's no prince
i let it bap, bap, bap, ping ping
and then leave no prints
i said that, that, that, that's me
and yes, he's so skint
i'm in the matte black 350
with clarke, let beef go mince
if you don't look after your own yout, boy
you're not a direct rudeboy
and you're in dstrkt popping that goose, boy
you're not a direct rudeboy
bond street, just bought brand new gucc, bwoy
and yout man can't get a new toy
that's why a man's bm just preed
then sent me a direct, rudeboy
16 bars in effect
might just upset a man's lyrics
take this pen to your neck
and just joe pesci man with it
cash rules everything around me
that's word to a method man lyric
yeah, i roll deep in the east
but i still might megaman with it
yeah, i said it, yeah, yeah, i said it
cheques, we get it, cash and collec' it
that likkle pellet, that nah gon' mek it
rest his head in that man's spaghetti
yout dem are menace, nuttin' like dennis
man got straps, ain't even got credit
kids push prams to westfield to lick it
and run from pigs, don't even watch peppa
real go-getter, geezers know better
but geezers need excitement, says skinner
don't resort to violence, no, never
man just start with violence, go figure
eat man's food before man eat dinner
buss that booze, i roll and drink liquor
left that giggsy gap for my nigga
3 wheel-ups in a row
that means i'm a direct rudeboy
2 2 yats of my own
that means i'm a direct rudeboy
man can't call up my phone
then gwan like a direct rudeboy
one side bag and a stoney
don't make you a direct rudeboy
can't tell me nuttin'
cook down mutton then pass through the gutter
link jus d red cups out the cupboard
in the jungle, i move with original nuttahs
and the same madman fly out for the summer
lick two blocks? who are you? runners
shut down dance, who am i? shottas
couple wheel-ups at butterz, that's nuttin'
boiling point, i keep it 100
sweet, geez!

--- Dizzee Rascal - Bonkers ---
i wake up everyday, it's a daydream
everything in my life ain't what it seems
i wake up just to go back to sleep
i act real shallow but i'm in too deep
and all i care about is sex and violence
a heavy bass line is my kind of silence
everybody says that i gotta get a grip
but i let sanity give me the slip
some people think i'm bonkers
but i just think i'm free
man, i'm just living my life
there's nothing crazy about me
some people pay for thrills
but i get mine for free
man, i'm just living my life
there's nothing crazy about me
bonkers
i wake up everyday, it's a daydream
everything in my life ain't what it seems
i wake up just to go back to sleep
i act real shallow but i'm in too deep
and all i care about is sex and violence
a heavy bass line is my kind of silence
everybody says that i got to get a grip
but i let sanity give me the slip (bonkers!)
some people think i'm bonkers
but i just think i'm free
man, i'm just living my life
there's nothing crazy about me
some people pay for thrills
but i get mine for free
man, i'm just living my life
there's nothing crazy about me
mmm, yeah, i'm back in the floor now
(i'm melting, yeah, back in, back in, back in)
i wake up everyday, it's a daydream
everything in my life ain't what it seems
i wake up just to go back to sleep
i act real shallow, but i'm in too deep
and all i care about is sex and violence
a heavy bass line is my kind of silence
everybody says that i got to get a grip
but i let sanity give me the slip
bon-bon-bon-bon-bon-bon-bon-bon
some people think i'm bonkers
but i just think i'm free
man, i'm just living my life
there's nothing crazy about me
some people pay for thrills
but i get mine for free
man, i'm just living my life
there's nothing crazy about me (bonkers)
i wake up everyday, it's a daydream
everything in my life ain't what it seems
i wake up just to go back to sleep
i act real shallow, but i'm in too deep
and all i care about is sex and violence
a heavy bass line is my kind of silence
everybody says that i got to get a grip
but i let sanity give me the slip (bonkers)
some people think i'm bonkers
but i just think i'm free
man, i'm just living my life
there's nothing crazy about me
some people pay for thrills
but i get mine for free
man, i'm just living my life
there's nothing crazy about me
mmm, yeah, i'm back in the floor now
mmm, yeah, i'm back in the floor now
mmm, yeah, i'm back in the floor now
mmm, yeah, i'm back in the floor now

--- Mist - Game Changer ---
steel banglez
sickmade
live life on the edge, won't topple
like when i'm on a bike, full throttle
step in the dance, kop bottles
mist from the ends is the kids role model
new whip soon land, looking like a space shuttle
black-on-black, yeah, i call that subtle
my dargs dem a bark, no muzzle
beef get solved real quick, but it's long like puzzles
i just wanna watch money double
i'm getting hot like nelly
legend in the game, makaveli
glastonbury, yeah, yeah, you see me on the telly
i'm a very calculated nigga, never miss a penny
i'm getting hot like nelly
legend in the game, makaveli
glastonbury, yeah, yeah, you see me on the telly
i'm a very calculated nigga, never miss a penny
just gimmie health, health and wealth
fear no one but god himself
got p from my ep and weren't selling on the shelf
i remember hustling for ralph
these day i hustle for a house
stepped in the dance, shut down, bounced
came through stinking of ounce
yeah, i came through stinking of ounce
i'm getting hot like nelly
legend in the game, makaveli
glastonbury, yeah, yeah, you see me on the telly
i'm a very calculated nigga, never miss a penny
i'm getting hot like nelly
legend in the game, makaveli
glastonbury, yeah, yeah, you see me on the telly
i'm a very calculated nigga, never miss a penny
game change like weather
yeah, i changed, but i changed for the better
diamond in the dirt, yeah, you know that i'm treasure
so far gone, dem boy can't measure
having no dough brings pressure
when you get dough, don't go broke, yeah, that's clever
sickmade on my chain and my sweater
yeah, the game got changed with pleasure
sickmade
mis to the fucking t
just gimmie health, health and wealth
just gimmie health
just gimmie health, health and wealth
just gimmie health
i'm getting hot like nelly
legend in the game, makaveli
glastonbury, yeah, yeah, you see me on the telly
i'm a very calculated nigga, never miss a penny
i'm getting hot like nelly
legend in the game, makaveli
glastonbury, yeah, yeah, you see me on the telly
i'm a very calculated nigga, never miss a penny

--- M Huncho - Tranquility ---
earl on the beat
tranquillity, yeah, is all i need, yeah
transparency, yeah, is all i see, yeah
yosemite where it needs to be, yeah
all of these wishes, yeah, they lead for me, yeah
tranquillity, yeah, is all i need, yeah
transparency, yeah, is all i see, yeah
i'm pouring my heart on a trap instrumental
i went through some shit that fucked up my mental
i went to the store and bought me a kettle
uh, i went to the store and bought me a kettle
yeah, yeah, yeah
i'm pouring my heart on a trap instrumental
i went through some shit that fucked up my mental
i went to the store and bought me a kettle
i got me some scores that i gotta settle
bitches, they love me but none of that matters
they say that i'm famous, but none of that matters
back to my life when they turn off the cameras
shawty got ass but the ass can get fatter
they wanna talk, i don't wanna catch up
i take my burger, no lettuce, just cheese
i order sauce, i order ketchup
i don't show love to any police
she isn't praying but she's on her knees
just got a call, deliver a three
uh, guess that i'm shooting a three, this isn't free
i got a fee, i wear some gs
i spent some gs, this isn't cheap
my intuition can't push me to greed
always awake, i never sleep
this is the gram, my fam gotta eat
ah, they don't want no problems with me
i used to sit down at times to grieve
i used to serve up and sell up to steve
it's 40 degrees and i'm bringing the heat
landing a line that might get me a piece
i'm not content, i'm not at peace
look over my shoulder to see if i'm free
circle my block many times before sleep
copped a new batch, no receipts
i'm tryna make me a mill' in a week, shit
i'm tryna make me some mills like i'm meek
three sixty-five, i'm deprived of my sleep
money to make, money in-heeps
ganja to smoke, coming like trees
some are alive, some are deceased
some ain't around, they lost inner peace
karma's a bitch, she's working for me
uh, yeah
karma's my bitch, she working for me, yeah
tranquillity, yeah, is all i need, yeah
transparency, yeah, is all i see, yeah
yosemite where it needs to be, yeah
all of these wishes, yeah, they lead for me, yeah
tranquillity, yeah, is all i need, yeah
transparency, yeah, is all i see, yeah
yosemite where it needs to be, yeah
all of these bitches, yeah, they leave for me, yeah
she give me faces, no poker (tranquillity, yeah, is all i need, yeah)
uh, uh, feds at the door and i straight (transparency, yeah, is all i see, yeah)
always keep back 'cause i ain't rush (yosemite where it needs to be, yeah)
roll up a plain, i don't smoke gunk
all of these bitches, yeah, they leave for me, yeah
a ship is safe in a harbour, that's not what ships are for
yeah, yeah, i never stayed a trapper, all on god (all on god)
every day i leave my house, yeah, i come back with a fork (back with a fork)
my little bruddah that shot up his friend, he ain't givin' a fuck (ain't givin' a fuck)
yeah, they were cool, yeah, yeah, it was just last year (just last year)
i had some friends, yeah, yeah, that was lost last year (lost last year)

--- Ace Hood - Bugatti ---
we the motherfuckin' best, nigga (mike will made-it)
ace hood
super, future (ear drummers)
i come lookin' for you with haitians
i stay smokin' on good jamaican
i fuck bitches from different races
you get money, they started hatin' (turn up)
i woke up in a new bugatti (yeah, yeah, yeah)
i woke up in a new bugatti (woah, skrrt)
i woke up in a new bugatti (woah, turn up)
i woke up in a new bugatti (woah)
i woke up in a new bugatti (woo, woo, woo)
okay, niggas be hatin', i'm rich as a bitch
one hundred k, i spent that on my wrist
two hundred dollars, spent that on your bitch
do me a model, put that on my list
oh, there he go in that foreign again
killin' the scene, bring the coroner in
murder she wrote, swallow or choke
hit her and go home, won't call her again
woke up early this mornin', crib as big as a college
smoke me a pound of the loudest
whippin' some shit with no mileage (skrrt)
diamonds cost me a fortune
them horses all in them porsches (woah)
you pussies can't hardly afford it (yeah)
forty-two hundred my mortgage (yeah)
ballin' on niggas like kobe (yeah)
fuck all you haters, you bore me (woo)
only the real get a piece of the plate
reppin' my city, i'm runnin' my state
give me a pistol, then run with the k's
niggas want beef, then i visit your place (bang)
i come lookin' for you with haitians
i stay smokin' on good jamaican
i fuck bitches from different races
you get money, they started hatin' (turn up)
i woke up in a new bugatti (yeah, yeah, yeah)
i woke up in a new bugatti (woah, skrrt)
i woke up in a new bugatti (woah, turn up)
i woke up in a new bugatti (woah)
i woke up in a new bugatti (woo, woo, woo)
yeah, and i'm at it again
there go that flow bringin' tragedy in
copped me a chain, your salary spent
niggas is sweet, bring them cavities in
countin' money, hourly trend
rollin' them skinny like olsen twins
niggas is squares, coppin' a benz
neck full of gold, olympian shit
neimans, i'm blowin' the check on they gear
fall on some pussy, then hop on the lear
strapped with them choppers in back of the rear
sak pase', them killers is here
woke up early this mornin', mind is tellin' me money
paper (yeah), mula (yeah), pockets is fat as a tumor
millionaire nigga, no rumor, livin' my life off of tuna
wanted with me, i deliver the beef
real niggas only enjoyin' the feast
pull up a seat, bon appétit
no louboutins when red on your sneaks (bang)
i come lookin' for you with haitians
i stay smokin' on good jamaican
i fuck bitches from different races
you get money, they started hatin' (turn up)
i woke up in a new bugatti (yeah, yeah, yeah)
i woke up in a new bugatti (woah, skrrt)
i woke up in a new bugatti (woah, turn up)
i woke up in a new bugatti (m-maybach music , woah)
i woke up in a new bugatti (woo, woo, woo)
mastermind, nigga
photographs of dope boys (i see 'em) is all they takin'
finger prints on the rolls royce (woo) is why they hatin'
push a button on these broke boys (skrrt), that's detonation
walk a road to riches bare feet (me)
i watch mama struggle, now she livin' carefree (on me)
that's why i hustle for half a key, that's twelve g's (g)
i'm tryin' to bubble every summer a new lp (woo)
you gotta love me, i got shooters out the d-league (woah)
signin' bonus, hit that man that's from thirty feet (woo)
left in a puddle, finger prints is on a hundred mill' (mill')
and what it is?
ricky rozay and ace hood, we hella trill
yeah
i come lookin' for you with haitians (what you know 'bout this?)
i stay smokin' on good jamaican (we the best)
i fuck bitches from different races (m-maybach music, hundred deals)
you get money, they started hatin' (woah, turn up)
i woke up in a new bugatti (yeah, yeah, yeah)
i woke up in a new bugatti (skrrt)
i woke up in a new bugatti (turn up)
i woke up in a new bugatti
i woke up in a new bugatti (woo, woo, woo)

--- Wiz Khalifa - Work Hard, Play Hard ---
work hard, play hard
work hard, play hard
work hard, play hard
work hard, play hard
work, work, work, work
work, work, work, work
diamonds all on my ring nigga
gold watches, gold chain nigga
hundred thou' on champagne nigga
yeah my money insane nigga
yeah i'm making it rain nigga
but i was just on the plane nigga
buying gear, flying here
fuck what you heard, it’s my time of year
if i'm in the club, i get a hundred stacks
i'm always rolling up so i get love for that
them niggas stole my swag but i don't want it back
my nigga uh! i was on this, but now i'm onto that
you see it in my closet before it's on the rack
was out there in hawaii, now i'm goin back
my nigga uh! i got so much money i should start a bank
so much paper right in front of me it's hard to think
buy so many bottles it's gon' be hard to drink
but i'm still pourin' up and my family here and they rolling up so uh!
the bigger the bill, the harder you ball
well i'm throwing mine, cause my money long
the quicker you here, the faster you go
that's why where i come from the only thing we know is..
the bigger the bill, the harder you ball
well i'm throwing mine, cause my money long
the quicker you here, the faster you go
that's why where i come from the only thing we know is..
work hard, play hard
work hard, play hard
work hard, play hard
work hard, play hard
work, work, work, work
work, work, work, work
hop your pretty ass up in this fucking car
bitch i'm out this world, girl you know i'm a star
used to buying rounds but now we buy the bar
last year they had to ask now they know who we are
boss shit, walk in the building, i own shit
you can tell by who i'm on the phone with
yeah nigga talking about grown shit
niggas too busy jacking my swag
need to fuck around, get your own shit
get your own cars, get your own clothes
get your own smoke, get your own bitch
you ain't reppin' my gang, get your own clique
the bigger the bill, the harder you ball
well i'm throwing mine, cause my money long
the quicker you here, the faster you go
that's why where i come from the only thing we know is..
the bigger the bill, the harder you ball
well i'm throwing mine, cause my money long
the quicker you here, the faster you go
that's why where i come from the only thing we know is..
go hard
make sure you do whatever is that you gotta do, that's your job
and niggas gon' hate but that's no prob'
so hey fuck 'em don't need nothing from 'em
some niggas talking but the shit they claiming don't mean nothing
it's straight from cali, that's what's in my joint that's what i'm puffin', og
and been one since i was young enough to know that everybody was gonna know me
most niggas don't see
the bigger the bill, the harder you ball
well i'm throwing mine, cause my money long
the quicker you here, the faster you go
that's why where i come from the only thing we know is..
the bigger the bill, the harder you ball
well i'm throwing mine, cause my money long
the quicker you here, the faster you go
that's why where i come from the only thing we know is..
work hard, play hard
work hard, play hard
work hard, play hard
work hard, play hard

--- Rick Ross - B.M.F. (Blowin’ Money Fast) ---
ugh
ugh
we blowing money fast on this side, nigga
catch up, nigga
i think i'm big meech (ugh), larry hoover
whippin' work, hallelujah
one nation under god
real niggas gettin' money from the fuckin' start
i think i'm big meech (woo), larry hoover (woo)
gettin' work, hallelujah
one nation, under god
real niggas gettin' money from the fuckin' start
my rolls royce triple-black, i'm geechee, ho
ballin' in the club, bottles like i'm meechie, ho
rozay—that's my nickname
cocaine runnin' in my big veins
self-made, you just affiliated
i build it ground-up, you bought it renovated
talkin' plenty capers, nothing's been authenticated
funny, you claimin' the same bitch that i'm penetrating
hold the bottles up, where my comrades?
where the fuckin' felons? where my dogs at?
(ugh!) i got that archie bunker
and it's so white, i just might charge you double
i think i'm big meech (ugh), larry hoover
whippin' work, hallelujah
one nation under god
real niggas gettin' money from the fuckin' start
i think i'm big meech (woo), larry hoover (woo)
gettin' work, hallelujah
one nation, under god
real niggas gettin' money from the fuckin' start
these motherfuckers mad that i'm icy! (boss)
stunt so hard, make them come indict me (ugh)
i think i'm big meech, look at my timepiece
it's an audem-eer, hundred racks, at least
look at yourself, now look at me (me!)
you can't see a nigga, i'm what you used to be (ha)
look at it this way (yeah), you niggas sideways (sideways)
always gettin' money, my nigga, crime pays (crime pays)
so fuck a nigga (fuck a nigga), i'm self-made (self-made)
you a sucker nigga (sucker nigga), i'm self-paid (self-paid)
this for my broke niggas (broke niggas), this for my rich niggas (rich niggas)
got a hundred on the head of a snitch nigga (ugh)
i think i'm big meech, larry hoover
whippin' work, hallelujah
one nation under god
real niggas gettin' money from the fuckin' start
i think i'm big meech (woo), larry hoover (ross, what up?)
gettin' work, hallelujah (s.p. the ghost)
one nation, under god (y'all niggas know what it is)
real niggas gettin' money from the fuckin' start (let's get it, my nigga, yeah)
them thirty-six holes leave you bleedin', family (bleedin')
word to them thirty-six o's in a kilogram (ha)
blunt tip orange like caviar
wildin' out, fishtailin', subaru, rally car (fishtailin')
out the passenger, lettin' the automatic off (let it off)
a eighth of that girl'll knock your mommy and your daddy off (you know that!)
fuck around and knock the emblem on the caddy off (fuck around)
four shooters buggin' out, blickin' at your caddy doors (blick-outs)
and did i mention: guns from 
red dead redemption
? (did i?)
nine-mils, fifty-clip extensions (a long clip)
coke is like a mattress in the hood: i'm flippin' on it (i'm flippin')
and the money's like a chair: i'm sittin' on it (keep quiet, nigga)
i think i'm big meech (ugh), larry hoover
whippin' work, hallelujah
one nation under god
real niggas gettin' money from the fuckin' start
i think i'm big meech (woo), larry hoover (woo)
gettin' work, hallelujah
one nation, under god
real niggas gettin' money from the fuckin' start
(maybach music)

--- Gucci Mane - I Get the Bag ---
ha
it's gucci, it's drop top
wizop, whoo
yeah, ayy (go)
you get the bag and fumble it
i get the bag and flip it and tumble it (yeah)
straight out the lot, three hundred cash (cash)
and the car came with a blunt in it (yeah)
lil' mama a thot, and she got ass (thot)
and she gon' fuck up a bag (yeah)
pull up to the spot, livin' too fast (yeah)
droppin' the dope in the stash (yeah)
in italy, got two foreign hoes, they dm me (ooh, brr, ayy)
drop the top when it's cold (drop-top)
but you feel the heat (skrrt, yeah, ayy)
be real with me
keep it 100, just be real with me (ayy)
eat it up like it's a feast (woah, eat it up)
they say the dope on fleek (yep)
percocet pill on me (percocet)
ice on my neck, baby, chill with me (ice)
them niggas that post in the back don't say nothin'
them niggas will kill for me
back ends i count in my sleep, on fleek
hundred k spent on a patek phillippe (phillippe)
bitch, i'm a dog, eat my treat (hrr)
hop out the frog and leap (leap)
i put them bricks in the fender
my bitch, she walk around like she kris jenner (kris jenner)
i used to break in and enter
then takeoff runnin' like the game of temple (whew)
it's simple, i play with her mental
mama said she saw me on jimmy kimmel (mama)
count it up, 'cause i'm a money symbol
walkin' with the racks, i'm lookin' crippled (money)
fuck on that bitch then i tip her (tip her)
a nickel for me to take pictures (nickel)
not from l.a. but i clip her (brr)
double my cup, pour a triple (actavis)
fox on my body, no vivica (fox on my…)
i'm not your average or typical (i'm not your…)
look at my wrist, and it's critical (look at the…)
hold it up, droppin' the temperature (droppin' the…)
i get that bag on the regular (bag)
i got a bag on my cellular (brr)
backin' up, baggin' up vegetables (bag)
bag of them cookies, it's medical (cookies)
cocaine, codeine, etcetera (white)
cocaine and lean, it's federal (white)
i take off, landin' on nebula
as of now twenty m's on my schedule (takeoff)
you get the bag and fumble it
i get the bag and flip it and tumble it (yeah)
straight out the lot, three hundred cash (cash)
and the car came with a blunt in it (yeah)
lil' mama a thot, and she got ass (thot)
and she gon' fuck up a bag (yeah)
pull up to the spot, livin' too fast (yeah)
droppin' the dope in the stash (yeah)
in italy, got two foreign hoes, they dm me (ooh, brr, ayy)
drop the top when it's cold (drop-top)
but you feel the heat (skrrt, yeah, ayy)
be real with me
keep it 100, just be real with me (it's gucci , ayy)
eat it up like it's a feast (hah, woah, eat it up)
they say the dope on fleek (yep)
i know that these niggas gettin' sick of me (eww-ah)
these chains on my neck cost a mil' a piece (um)
i don't even like to freestyle for free
i put in the key and i ride the beat
i won't even come out the house for free
i pay a nigga to drive for me (huh?)
jay-z couldn't even co-sign for me
i do what i want 'cause i'm signed to me (damn)
i get the, i get the, i get the bag
they get the bag, have to cut it in half (wop)
stop the comparin', y'all makin' me laugh
need the rehab, i'm addicted to cash
convertible wop, convertible top
my dope got a vertical, look at it hop
skrrt, skrrt, skrrt, and it jump out the pot (pot)
came out of jail and went straight to the top
take it easy, baby, middle of summer, i'm freezin', baby (burr)
don't leave me, baby
just drop to your knees and please me, baby (go)
i'm fascinated, two bitches so fine that i masturbated (ha)
congratulations, she brain me so good that i graduated (wow)
they had to hate it
i don't fuck with them niggas, they plastic, baby (heh)
a trapper, baby, i rap but i own all my masters, baby
it's tragic, baby, i pull up and fuck up the traffic, baby (ha)
a savage, baby
i'm killin' these niggas, closed casket, baby (wop)
you get the bag and fumble it
i get the bag and flip it and tumble it (yeah)
straight out the lot, 300 cash (cash)
and the car came with a blunt in it (yeah)
lil' mama a thot, and she got ass (thot)
and she gon' fuck up a bag (yeah)
pull up to the spot, livin' too fast (yeah)
droppin' the dope in the stash (yah)
in italy, got two foreign hoes, they dm me (ooh, brr, ayy)
drop the top when it's cold (drop top)
but you feel the heat (skrrt, yah, ayy)
be real with me
keep it 100, just be real with me (ayy)
eat it up like it's a feast (woah, eat it up)
they say the dope on fleek (yep)

--- Lil Wayne - A Milli ---
(bangladesh)
young money
you dig?
yeah, mack, i'm goin' in
a millionaire, i'm a young money millionaire
tougher than nigerian hair (woo)
my criteria compared to your career just isn't fair
i'm a venereal disease, like a menstrual bleed
through the pencil and leak on the sheet of the tablet in my mind
'cause i don't write shit 'cause i ain't got time
'cause my seconds, minutes, hours go to the almighty dollar
and the almighty power of that ch-cho-cho-cho-chopper
sister, brother, son, daughter, father, mother-fuck a copper
got the maserati dancin' on the bridge, pussy poppin'
tell the coppers, "ha-ha-ha-ha, you can't catch him, you can't stop him"
i go by them goon rules, if you can't beat 'em, then you pop 'em
you can't man 'em, then you mop 'em
you can't stand 'em, then you drop 'em
you pop 'em 'cause we pop 'em like orville redenbacher
motherfucker, i'm ill, yeah
a million here, a million there
sicilian bitch with long hair, with coke in her derrière
like smoking the thinnest air, i open the lamborghini
hopin' them crackers see me, like, "look at that bastard weezy"
he's a beast, he's a dog, he's a motherfuckin' problem
okay, you're a goon, but what's a goon to a goblin?
nothin', nothin', you ain't scarin' nothin'
on some faggot bullshit, call 'em dennis rodman
call me what you want, bitch, call me on my sidekick
never answer when it's private, damn, i hate a shy bitch
don't you hate a shy bitch? yeah, i ate a shy bitch
she ain't shy no more, she changed her name to my bitch, haha
yeah, nigga, that's my bitch
so when she ask for the money when you through, don't be surprised, bitch (woo)
and it ain't trickin' if you got it
but you like a bitch with no ass, you ain't got shit
motherfucker, i'm ill, not sick
and i'm okay, but my watch sick
yeah, my drop sick, yeah, my glock sick
and my knot thick, i'm it
motherfucker, i'm ill, yeah
see, they say i'm rappin' like b.i.g., jay, and 2pac
andré 3000, where is erykah badu at? who that?
who that said they gon' beat lil wayne?
my name ain't bic, but i keep that flame, man
who that one that do that, boy? you knew that, chew that, swallow
and i be the shit, now you got loose bowels
i don't owe you like two vowels
but i would like for you to pay me by the hour, haha
and i'd rather be pushin' flowers
than to be in the pen, sharin' showers, huh
tony told us this world was ours
and the bible told us every girl was sour
don't play in her garden and don't smell her flower
call me mr. carter or mr. lawn mower
boy, i got so many bitches, like i'm mike lowrey
even gwen stefani said she couldn't doubt me
motherfucker, i say, "life ain't shit without me"
chrome lips pokin' out the coupe, look like it's poutin'
i do what i do, and you do what you can do about it
bitch, i can turn a crack rock into a mountain, dare me
don't you compare me 'cause there ain't nobody near me
they don't see me, but they hear me
they don't feel me, but they fear me, i'm illy
c3, 3 peat, hahaha

--- Dr. Dre - For The Love of Money ---
for the love of money
for the love of money
for the love of money
it's beautiful outside
looks like it's raining money, mane
it's beautiful outside
looks like it's raining money, mane
say "what's up" to the broke nigga at the rich party (woo!)
who the fuck let this nigga in?
do it look like i give a fuck? sorry (yeah!)
looking at these hoes
and they gold-digger-gorgeous tryna get me (woo!)
i run game on a bitch
in one mississippi, two mississippi (yeah!)
flint nigga in the spot
'til they pop one and the cops come like (woo!)
motherfuckers own a shotgun
like a pop gun and they ready like (yeah!)
civic good nigga
i'm a northside nigga 'til i'm gone (woo!)
do it for the ones in the hood
like connor gon' put the city on (wait!)
fuck that shit, nigga, fuck that shit, go
live for my hood, look, this for my block
ride for the hood, gotta spit it like pac
i ain't got shit but i still feel good
nigga can't take what a nigga don't got
go hard in the paint, you can tell 'em post up
homie in the hood like "let me hold something"
your man's in the hood talking all that shit
when they ran up on him, lil' buddy froze up
all they be talkin' but ain't saying nothing
niggas be talking that ain't what they want
ain't no fake shit around here
'cause my nigga my city is really as real as the fuck
i be killing this shit, i ain't giving a fuck
you loving the bitch, she get hit in the truck
you think this sound crazy, that's how i grew up
so this for my people who still in the cut
want that, need that
root of all evil, mane, oh (get it, get it, i said)
i want that, need that
root of all evil, mane, oh
say "what's up" to the nigga
wearing all black at the white party (woo!)
and i'm looking like i don't give a fuck
that's just how i get down, nigga, sorry (yeah!)
and i'm looking like i don't play no games
nah, nigga don't try me (woo!)
been that nigga that's spitting that
paid dues like a motherfuckin' hobby (yeah!)
if you're on that bullshit, nigga
better fly that shit right by me (woo!)
came from the bottom of this bitch
and made it out of that shit and that's why we (yeah!)
on top of this motherfuckin' world
damn, look at that body (woo!)
she come along with the territories
turn around, move it for me (yeah!)
bend it over, end of story
seems like chasing paper's what's important to you
got a relationship with that money
but that bitch will never be faithful to you
even though i know she know she crazy
please just let it go, seize, no saving you
ride, ride 'til the motherfuckin' wheels fall off in this bitch
but we can do it for the love
but i'm never stopping my poppin'
these numbers don't lie, but your love is superficial
it's the simple shit
you need to pay attention to
want that, need that
root of all evil, mane, oh (get it, get, i said)
i want that, need that
root of all evil, mane, oh
it's beautiful outside
looks like it's raining money, mane
it's beautiful outside
looks like it's raining money, mane
want that, need that
root of all evil, mane, oh (get it, get, i said)
i want that, need that
root of all evil, mane

--- Eazy-E - Boyz-n-the Hood ---
cruisin' down the street in my '6-4
jockin' the freaks, clockin' the dough
went to the park to get the scoop
knuckleheads out there cold shootin' some hoops
a car pulls up, who can it be?
a fresh el camino rollin' kilo g
he rolled down his window and he started to say
it's all about makin' that gta
'cause the boys in the hood are always hard
you come talkin' the trash, we'll pull your card
knowin' nothin' in life, but to be legit
don't quote me, boy, 'cause i ain't said shit
yo, man
yo, man, yo, yo
yo, man, yo, man
yo, man, get the fuck out
pump that, pump that, pump, pump-pump, pump-pump, pump that
pump that, pump that bass
motherfucker, say what?
donald b's in the place to give me the pace
he said my man jd is on freebase
the boy jd was a friend of mine
'til i caught him in my car tryin' to steal an alpine
chased him up the streets to call a truce
the silly cluckhead pulls out a deuce deuce
little did he know i had a loaded 12-gauge
one sucka dead, l.a. times front page
'cause the boys in the hood are always hard
you come talkin' the trash, we'll pull your card
knowin' nothin' in life, but to be legit
don't quote me, boy, 'cause i ain't said shit
yo, leroy, yo-yo-yo-yo
yo, leroy, yo-yo-yo-yo
yo, leroy, yo, leroy, yo, leroy
beer drinkin', beer drinkin', beer, beer-beer, beer-beer, beer drinkin'
beer drinkin', beer drinkin'
beer drinkin', breath stinkin', sniffin' glue
bored as hell and i wanna get ill
so i went to a place where my homeboys chill
the fellas out there makin' that dollar
i pulled up in my '6-4 impala
they greet me with a 40 and i started drinkin'
and from the 8-ball my breath started stinkin'
left to get my girl to rock that body
before i left i hit the bacardi
went to her house to get her out of the pad
dumb ho said somethin' that made me mad
she said somethin' that i couldn't believe
so i grabbed the stupid bitch by her nappy-ass weave
she started talkin' shit, wouldn't you know?
reached back like a pimp, slapped the ho
her father jumped up and he started to shout
so i threw a right cross, cold-knocked him out
'cause the boys in the hood are always hard
you come talkin' the trash, we'll pull your card
knowin' nothin' in life, but to be legit
don't quote me, boy, 'cause i ain't said shit
who do-who do, who do-who do
who do-who do, who do-who do
who do you think you are, mr. big stuff?
rock this motherfucker like 
three the hard way
i'm rollin' hard, now i'm under control
then wrapped my '6-4 around a telephone pole
i looked at my car and i said "oh, brother."
i throw it in the gutter, and go buy another
walkin' home, i see the g ride
now cat is drivin', kilo on the side
as they busted a u, they got pulled over
an undercover cop in a dark green nova
cat got beat for resistin' arrest
he socked the pig in the head for rippin' his guess
now g is caught for doin' the crime
fourth offense on the boy he'll do some time
'cause the boys in the hood are always hard
you come talkin' the trash, we'll pull your card
knowin' nothin' in life, but to be legit
don't quote me, boy, 'cause i ain't said shit
l.a. player
big drum, big drum
big-big-big-big drum
big drum, big drum
big drum beater
i went to get them out, but there was no bail
the fellas causin' a riot in the county jail
two days later in the municipal court
kilo g on trial cold cut a fart
"disruption of the court," said the judge
on a six-year sentence, my man didn't budge
baliff came over to turn him in
kilo g looked up and gave a grin
he yelled out "fire!", then came suzy
the bitch came in with a submachine uzi
police shot the girl but didn't hurt her
both upstate for attempted murder
'cause the boys in the hood are always hard
you come talkin' the trash, we'll pull your card
knowin' nothin' in life, but to be legit
don't quote me, boy, 'cause i ain't said shit
get, get, get-get
get, get
get-get-get-get-get
get busy, y'all
y'all
aw, oh
you
you, you
you, you
you motherfucker

--- N.W.A - Express Yourself ---
yo, man, it's a lot of brothers out there flakin' and perpetratin'
but scared to kick reality
man, you've been doin' all this dope producin'
you ain't had a chance to show 'em what time it is
so what you want me to do? (express yourself)
i'm expressin' with my full capabilities
and now i'm livin' in correctional facilities
'cause some don't agree with how i do this
i get straight, meditate like a buddhist
i'm droppin' flavor, my behavior is hereditary
but my technique is very necessary
blame it on ice cube, because he says it gets funky
when you got a subject and a predicate
add it on a dope beat, and that'll make you think
some suckas just tickle me pink to my stomach
'cause they don't flow like this one
you know what?
i won't hesitate to diss one or two before i'm through
so don't try to sing this
some drop science, well, i'm droppin' english
even if yella makes it a cappella
i still express, yo, i don't smoke weed or sess
'cause it's known to give a brother brain damage
and brain damage on the mic don't manage nothin'
but makin' a sucka and you equal, don't be another sequel
express yourself (ah, ah, ah yeah, ah yeah, ah yeah, ah yeah)
express yourself (smoke, smoke)
come on and do it (yeah, kick it over here)
express yourself (do it, do it, for the bag, for the bag)
express yourself (come on and do it)
now, gettin' back to the pg
that's program, and it's easy
dre is back, new jacks are made hollow
expressin' ain't their subject because they like to follow
the words, the style, the trend, the records i spin
again and again and again — yo, you on the other end
watch a brother blend dope rhymes with no help
there's no fessin' and guessin' while i'm expressin' myself
it's crazy to see people be
what society wants 'em to be, but not me
ruthless is the way to go, they know
others say rhymes that fail to be original
or they kill where the hip-hop starts
forget about the ghetto and rap for the pop charts
though some musicians cuss at home
but scared to use profanity when up on the microphone
yeah, they want reality, but you won't hear none
they'd rather exaggerate a little fiction
some say no to drugs and take a stand
but after the show, they go lookin' for the dopeman
or they ban my group from the radio
hear n.w.a and say "hell no!"
but you know, it ain't all about wealth
as long as you make a note to...
express yourself (yeah, yeah, brothers always beefin', fall victim to the streets)
express yourself
come on and do it (yeah, yeah, do it)
express yourself (dr. dre, dr. dre in full effect and n.w.a)
express yourself
come on and do it
express yourself
from the heart 'cause if you wanna start to move up the chart
then expression is a big part of it
you ain't efficient when you flow
you ain't swift, movin' like a tortoise full of rigor mortis
there's a little bit more to show
i got rhymes in my mind, embedded like an embryo
or a lesson, all of 'em expression
and if you start fessin', i got a smith & wesson for you
i might ignore your record because it has no bottom
i get loose in the summer, winter, spring and autumn
it's dre on the mic, gettin' physical
doin' the job, n.w.a is the lynch mob
yes, i'm macabre but you know you need this
and the knowledge is growin', just like a fetus
or a tumor, but here's the rumor
dre is in the neighborhood and he's up to no good
when i start expressin' myself — yella, slam it!
'cause if i stay funky like this, i'm doin' damage
or i'ma be too hyped and need a straitjacket
i got knowledge and other suckers lack it
so when you see dre, a dj on the mic
ask what it's like — it's like we gettin' hype tonight
'cause if i strike, it ain't for your good health
but i won't strike if you just...
express yourself
(yeah, yeah, this record's almost over, almost over, gotta get hyped up)
express yourself (do it, do it)
come on and do it (do it, do it, do it)
express yourself (compton's full of fakes, compton's full of fakes, yeah)
express yourself
come on and do it (do it, do it, do it)
express yourself
come on and do it (that's what she said, what she said)
come on and do it
come on and do it

--- Mac Miller - Donald Trump ---
hey
ayo, sap, what's good, bruh?
this man's kinda high out here
ayo, the flyest ma'fucker in the room, yeah, you know it's me
bitches hatin' on him 'cause he started out here locally
hopefully, i'll be at the top soon
for now, i'm at my house on the couch watchin' cartoons
you know how much you love it when you get it in abundance
give a fuck about a budget when you always be the subject of discussion
but it's nothin' when you stop and just say, "fuck it"
'cause you walkin' out in public and you hear 'em talkin' rubbish
i just wanna ride, ride through the city in a cutlass
find a big butt bitch somewhere, get my nuts kissed
that's the way it goes when you party just like i do
bitches on my dick that used to brush me off in high school
take over the world when i'm on my donald trump shit
look at all this money, ain't that some shit?
take over the world when i'm on my donald trump shit
look at all this money, ain't that some shit? (hey)
we gon' take over the world while these haters gettin' mad
that's why all my bitches bad, they see this crazy life i have
and they in awe, we gon' win, you can take the lose or draw
what i'm in got these hoes who used to play me in they bras
we gon' take over the world while these haters gettin' mad
take over the world, watch these haters get mad
that's why all my bitches bad, they see this crazy life i have
hop into the car and then we take 'em to the pad, it's a wrap
uh, uh, uh
and ma'fuckers think they know me, but they never met the kid
style come with excellence and money make benevolence
irrelevant for the fuckers who never been intelligent
i kill my henny, break the bottle for the hell of it
tell a bitch that she better bring her friends
and if she want an autograph she better bring a pen
yeah, the party never end, this life is what i recommend
and if you got a ho picked for me, then she better be a 10
i ain't picky, but these girls be actin' tricky
when the situation's sticky and the liquor got 'em silly
but i take over the world when i'm on my donald trump shit
look at all this money, ain't that some shit?
we gon' take over the world while these haters gettin' mad
that's why all my bitches bad, they see this crazy life i have
and they in awe, we gon' win, you can take the lose or draw
what i'm in got these hoes who used to play me in they bras
we gon' take over the world while these haters gettin' mad
take over the world, watch these haters get mad
that's why all my bitches bad, they see this crazy life i have
hop into the car and then we take 'em to the pad, it's a wrap

--- Schoolboy Q - Break tHe Bank ---
fuck rap, i've been rich, crack by my stick shift
oxy like concerts, always my bread first
"get mine" my nickname, o-x and cocaine
nina my new thing, blew up before fame
heart filled with octane, fire in my soul
burn through my shoestring, came up from boosting
du-rags and flatlines, drive-bys at bedtime
get down, i heard mom, someone lost they grandson
thank god that i'm straight, no wonder my mom prayed
lost one of my cuzzos, cursed from them devils
good weed and me time, goodbye to nissan
cause one day this rappin' gon' pay
so now we 'bout to break the bank
money be on my mind
niggas talkin' 'bout, soundin' like
la-da-di-do, la-di-da-di-da-di-do
now we 'bout to break the bank
money be on my mind
niggas talkin' 'bout, soundin' like
la-da-di-do, la-di-da-di-da-di-do
la-da-di-do, la-di-da-di-da-di-do
la-da-di-do, la-di-da-di-da-di-do, niggas talkin' 'bout
la-da-di-do, la-di-da-di-da-di-do
la-da-di-do, la-di-da-di-da-di-do
now we 'bout to break the bank
my time to show out, finally the illest crip
and i guarantee, i spit harder than concrete
surprised i got teeth, my lungs inhale keef
peyote with thc, swinging for the fence
i hope i make it out the park, where the baseheads slide
after dark, where the bangers get caught
hid the gun in the trees, arrest me by the court
i just wanna smoke weed and sip lean by the quart, for real
good weed, i hit that, crack rock, i sold that
oxy, i hid that, right by my nutsack
fuck pigs, i bust back, learned that from deuce rat
peanut and b-loon, had gats before racks
way 'fore i found rap, bitch, i had them things wrapped
astro on my cap, this shot ain't no phone app
chucks on my young heel, make sure that my sag ill
learn my set trip grill, trade in my big wheel
good grades and skipped school, this life gon' catch up soon
sure 'nough that shit did, twenty-year-old kid
got off my behind, write me some sweet lines
cause one day my story gon' pay
so now we 'bout to break the bank
money be on my mind
niggas talkin' 'bout, soundin' like
la-da-di-do, la-di-da-di-da-di-do
now we 'bout to break the bank
money be on my mind
niggas talkin' 'bout, soundin' like
la-da-di-do, la-di-da-di-da-di-do
la-da-di-do, la-di-da-di-da-di-do
la-da-di-do, la-di-da-di-da-di-do, niggas talkin' 'bout
la-da-di-do, la-di-da-di-da-di-do
la-da-di-do, la-di-da-di-da-di-do
now we 'bout to break the bank
your bitch wanted cash, get her, know i'm around, boy
tell kendrick, move from the throne, i came for it
i hope this fuckin' hit arrange for it, cause goddamn
what you talkin' 'bout if it ain't 'bout the money?
neck full of gold, i'm attracted to the honey
rain, sleet, snow, 'bout the money
on figueroa, close your eyes, might need ya mommy
fuck rap, my shit real, came up off them pills
hustle for my meal, grindin' for my deal
love how i'm doin', long way from grooving
bitch call me 2 chainz, units be moving
go hard for my joy, so she don't need no boy
smile stay on her face, big room with her own space
up all night, the hard way, don't care if it take all day
i let y'all fucks parley, you wonder why i'm straight
new shoes and sick clothes, bitches be front row
bow down her temple, i don't know her info
threw up my peace sign, go rare with my mignon
cause one day this rappin' gon' pay
so now we 'bout to break the bank
money be on my mind
niggas talkin' 'bout, soundin' like
la-da-di-do, la-di-da-di-da-di-do
now we 'bout to break the bank
money be on my mind
niggas talkin' 'bout, soundin' like
la-da-di-do, la-di-da-di-da-di-do
la-da-di-do, la-di-da-di-da-di-do
la-da-di-do, la-di-da-di-da-di-do, niggas talkin' 'bout
la-da-di-do, la-di-da-di-da-di-do
la-da-di-do, la-di-da-di-da-di-do
now we 'bout to break the bank
what you talkin' 'bout if it ain't 'bout the money?
neck full of gold, i'm attracted to the honey
rain, sleet, snow, 'bout the money
on figueroa, close your eyes, might need ya mommy
yeah
it's about that time
i said it's about that time
yeah, we got em, al
yeah

--- Pusha T - Numbers on the Boards ---
(yeah)
how you feelin'?
 (fine)
you feel alright?
i'm so bossy, bitch, get off me (yeah)
it's a different jingle when you hear these car keys (y'all feel like danc—)
your sl's missin' an s, nigga (y'all feel like danc—)
your plane's missin' a chef
the common theme, see, they both got wings
if you fly, do it to death
it's only one god, and it's only one crown
so it's only one king that can stand on this mound (yeah)
king push, kingpin, overlord
coast guard come, a hundred goin' overboard (yeah)
i got money with the best of 'em
go blow-for-blow with any mexican
don't let your side bitches settle in
might have to headbutt your evelyn
ballers, i put numbers on the boards
hard to get a handle on this double-edged sword
whether rappin' or i'm rappin' to a whore
might reach back and relapse to wrappin' up this raw (y'all feel like danc—)
givenchy fittin' like it's gym clothes
we really gym stars, i'm like d. rose
no d-league, i'm like this close
'88 jordan, leapin' from the free-throw (yeah)
ballers, i put numbers on the boards
ballers, i put numbers on the boards
motherfuckers can't rhyme no more, 'bout crime no more
mix drug and show money, "biggs" burke on tour  (yeah)
twenty-five bricks, move work like chore
hit delaware twice, needed twenty-five more
i see flaw, cracks in your diamond
cb4 when you rhyme, simple simon
come and meet the pieman, a must that i flaunt it
the legend grows legs when it comes back to haunt us
ballers, i put numbers on the boards (yeah)
can't a bitch livin' say i bought her michael kors (yeah)
every car driven was decided by the horse
keep the sticker in the window case you wonder what it cost
how could you relate when you ain't never been great
and rely on rap money to keep food up on your plates, nigga?
i might sell a brick on my birthday
thirty-six years of doin' dirt like it's earth day— god!
(y'all feel like danc—)
(y'all feel like danc—)
ballers, i put numbers on the boards
(y'all feel like danc—)

--- Meek Mill - Dreams and Nightmares (Intro) ---
ain't this what they've been waitin' for?
you ready? uh
uh
i used to pray for times like this, to rhyme like this, so i had to
grind like that to shine like this, in a matter of
time i spent on some locked-up shit
in the back of the paddy wagon, cuffs locked on wrists
seen my dreams unfold, nightmares come true
it was time to marry the game and i said, "yeah, i do"
if you want it, you gotta see it with a clear-eyed view
got shorty, she tryna bless me like i said "achoo" like a nigga sneezed
nigga, please, 'fore them triggers squeeze, i'm gettin' cream
never let them hoes get in between of what we started
lil' nigga, but i'm lion-hearted
they love me when i was stuck and they hated when i departed
i go and get it regardless, draw it like i'm an artist
no crawlin', went straight to walkin', with foreigns in my garages
all foreign bitches ménagin', fuckin', suckin' and swallowin'
anything for a dollar, they tell me get 'em, i got 'em (got 'em, got 'em)
i did it without a album (without a album, album)
i did shit with mariah (mariah, mariah)
lil' nigga, i'm on fire (i'm on fire)
icy as a hockey rink, philly nigga, i'm flyer
when i bought the rolls royce, they thought it was leased
then i bought that new ferrari, hater, rest in peace
hater, rest in peace, rest in peace to the parking lot
phantom so big, can't even fit in the parking spot
you ain't talkin' 'bout my niggas, then what you talkin' 'bout?
gangstas move in silence, nigga, and i don't talk a lot
i don't say a word, i don't say a word
was on my grind and now i got what i deserve, fuck nigga (ah) (maybach music)
hold up, wait a minute (minute), y'all thought i was finished? (woah)
when i bought that aston martin, y'all thought it was rented? (yeah)
flexin' on these niggas, i'm like popeye on his spinach
double m, yeah, that's my team, rozay the captain, i'm lieutenant
i'm the type to count a million cash then grind like i'm broke
that lambo' my new bitch, she don't ride like my ghost
i'm ridin' 'round my city with my hand strapped to my toes
'cause these niggas want me dead and i gotta make it back home
'cause my mama need that bill money, my son need some milk
these niggas try take my life, they fuck around, get killed
you fuck around, you fuck around, you fuck around, get smoked
'cause these philly niggas i brought with me don't fuck around, no joke, no
all i know is murder, when it come to me
i got young niggas that's rollin', i got niggas throwin' b's
i done did the doa's, i done did the kod's
every time i'm in that bitch, i get to throwin' thirty g's
but now i'm hangin' out that drop head, i'm ridin' down on collins (skrrt)
they let my nigga ern back home, that young nigga be wildin' (let's go, let's go!)
we young niggas, we mobbin' (mobbin')
like batman and we're robbin' (woo!)
this two-door maybach with my seat all reclinin'
i'm like, "real nigga, what up? (what up?) real nigga, what up?" (what up?)
if you ain't about that murder game, then pussy nigga, shut up (what? what?)
if you diss me in your raps, i'll get yo' pussy-ass stuck up
when you touchdown in my hood, no, that tour life ain't good
catch me down in mia at that heat game on wood
with that puma life on my feet, like that lil' engine, i could
boy, i slide down on your block (block), bike on 12 o'clock (rah)
and they be throwin' deuces on the same nigga they watch (meek milly)
and i'm the king of my city 'cause i'm still callin' them shots
and these lames talkin' that bullshit, the same niggas that flopped
i'm the same nigga from berks street with them nappy braids, that loc'
the same nigga that came up and i had to wait for my spot
and these niggas hatin' on me (me), hoes waitin' on me (me)
still on that hood shit, my rolls-royce on e
they gon' remember me, i say remember me
so much money, have yo' friends turn in yo' enemies
and when there's beef, i turn my enemies to memories
with them bricks, they go for forty, ain't no ten a key
hold up! broke nigga turned rich (rich), love the game like mitch (mitch)
and if i leave, you think them pretty hoes gon' still suck my dick?
it was somethin' 'bout that rollie when it first touched my wrist
had me feelin' like that dope boy when he first touched that brick, i'm gone (haha)
woo!

--- Big K.R.I.T. - Money on the Floor ---
is it me or is it something about a car
that makes a bad bitch get freaky fuck like porno stars?
or maybe it was that chrome that keep a bopper in the zone
but either way she hit my phone like she can't leave me lone
and that there just keeps happening, blame it on all this rapping shit
10 out of 10 she down to fuck, that's just what my average is
slab and chassis lavishly, wood cabin, digi-dash in it i'm an advocate
chromed out wheels if you hop in here you might jet lag a bit
i'm passionate about everything that i want, i do what it do and y'all don't
i put the whole world in my trunk, let it bump
shake the stars up when i ride, dodgin' potholes with these tires
hogging lanes, swang and bang in a 'stang so let me by
cuz i got --
money on the floor
lighters on the dresser
drop my top, no one can do it better
diamonds and the leather
wood and the chrome
bopping ass hoes just won't leave me alone
she call me big baby, i got my guccis on
black on black, head to toe, smelling like prada cologne
feeling like big pimpin', inhale, exhale
good green, thick lean, give them bitches x pills
cocaine make them get so loose on them tequila shots
every time i do it i regret it, the bitch just can't stop
now she's dancing on the table, skirt done went up to her navel
niggas throwing money at her, shit i can't be mad at her
you bring the girl to me then i'ma bless her, test her
25 lighters on my dresser, yessir
my bitch on the block with some money on her mind
a pistol in her purse and a heart full of grind
i'm pimp type, mj, drop my top, light that dro
hand on the wood with the pedal on the floor
forever get dough and i’m clever on the ho
still get vetted man, never be a scary man
my dna is all ike turner, eddie king
money on the floor
lighters on the dresser
drop my top, no one can do it better
diamonds and the leather
wood and the chrome
bopping ass hoes just won't leave me alone
25 lighters, 25 cyphers
went to jail and shared a cell with a 25-to-lifer
stayed at my grandma house with 25 bibles
stayed in the trap house with like 25 rifles
drop my top and i dip dip dip
but if i pop my trunk you better duck, don't slip
chrome lips on the vehicle look like they blowing kisses
reel them hoes in, it look like i'm going fishing
okay this how i ride, two bad hoes inside
one ho say she ready, the other ho said she tired
i'ma drop this other ho off, me and the other ho we gon' ride
all jokes aside i'm the get money poster child
money on the floor
lighters on the dresser
drop my top, no one can do it better
diamonds and the leather
wood and the chrome
bopping ass hoes just won't leave me alone

--- Curren$y - Breakfast ---
ugh
yeah, yeah
some of the good things that weed can do (yeah, ha)
psa, let me start shooting 'em fucking commercials
(jets in the house) yeah
man (yeah)
yeah, bitch
i'm so cold with it; the potency of the beat—
is consistent with the fact that mos did it
prolific, not shaken or stirred
in the presence of those niggas, herbs
they only after your bread, them fucking birds
you think they like your haircut, fair enough
live your life, partner
guess i could keep them two cents in my pocket
add that to these underground-rap dollars
refused the majors and stayed real, i kept my promise
rolled bambús in the bahamas, mama
it's either that or them strawberry coladas
xbox web browser
download a updated nba roster
play a eighty-two-game season
condo full of snacks, spitta not leaving
off-brand muh'fuckers, odd number, you are not even
on my level, write that sickness, my ink pen sneezing
yancey thigpen can't catch me sleeping
you ear-hustling, muhfucker, and i'm eating
creeping with my side bitch, hope i don't get caught cheating
new orleans this morning, new york in this evening
squinting they eyes and shit, they can't see him
fly in the hive, buzzing, them bugs can't be him
illegible letters in my ledger, they can't read 'em
smiling, money piling, i'm cheesing
odometer broken, i ain't know that i was speeding
fast living, sloe gin for these bitches
i got that game from my pittsburgh nigga
sv diablo, ninety-six, wings lift
daniel-san, crane kick—wah!
you're the best around
you're the best around
you're the best around
you're the best

--- Dom Kennedy - My Type of Party ---
i wish i had an explanation for the popularity of the man i’m about to introduce; but a gift such as his apparently cannot really be explained, but it can be felt and enjoyed. so why don’t we just do that. let’s do it for him gang
yeah
yeah
yeah, yeah
yo girl got a cute face, her friend got a nice body
they just wanna have fun, this my type of party
twenty bitches in the lobby, it's plenty bitches in the lobby
they all drinkin', they smokin', this my type of party
my car, just push to start it, but i don't even wanna start it
these versace shades is retarded, i can buy yo apartment
i'm buying out the department, it's change in all the compartments
switch lanes on niggas in chargers, switch chains on niggas, went harder
i hang with niggas on the dodgers, i hang with niggas that'll rob ya
i came with hoes and they squabbling, so you don't want no problems
you don't want no problems, you don't want no problems
you don't want no problems, you don't want no problems
yo girl got a cute face, her friend got a nice body
and they just wanna have fun, this my type of party
twenty bitches in the lobby, it's plenty bitches in the lobby
and they all drinkin', they smokin'
this my type of party
yeah
this my type of party
yeah, yeah
this my type of party
make money like oprah, do it big like i'm sosa
never drink king cobra, gettin' head on the sofa
opm, it's over, nobody is colder
you niggas sniffin' that coca, i don't even drink soda
niggas gotta live sober, i wrote this blowin' doja
niggas know i'm a soldier, opm 'til it's over
phone by motorola, i fuck with honeys that's older
i got money that's older, 18 karat, that's golder
interviews on the phoner, living life like a stoner
you can hit i don't own her, money give me a boner
my car look like a loaner, i got hoes in arizona
that got a college diploma, and my watch got pneumonia, yeah
yo girl got a cute face, her friend got a nice body
and they just wanna have fun, this my type of party
twenty bitches in the lobby, it's plenty bitches in the lobby
they all drinkin', they smokin'
this my type of party
this my type of party
this my type of party

--- Joey Bada$$ - Paper Trail$ ---
money ain't a thing if i got it
mo—mo—mo—mo—mo
money ain't a thing if i got it
money—money
before the money there was love
but before the money it was tough
then came the money through a plug
it's a shame this ain't enough, yo
sittin' back plottin', jottin' information on my nation
really started from the bottom, boy cotton
but they still plantin' plantations, we keep buyin' in
closed-minded men, pride is higher than the prices on your pradas and
balenciagas balance my saga with the henny agua
me and my niggas tryna eat, you pussies empanada
the flow like plenty lava, with just a penny i could
multiply my worth and make you work for me for twenty hours
i swear these niggas love to copy, thanks for listening
the kid ain't been the same since biggie smacked me at my christenin'
watch what you dishin' and please play it safe
'cause your position on the top is switchin' right in front your face
rock you outta space with rhymes, i'm bustin' out
keep duckin' down, got some missiles now, headed for your house
so put the pistols down, got that red dot on your nose
who booked the clown? i lock jaws like a blue nose, foes
keep your mouth closed or you can see the solar
i got connections that guaranteed to see closed doors
you hear that underground sonar
the way i flows then switch them, the pros been on a mission, listen
enter the chamber, get hyperbolic
they raisin' macs, i raise stakes to keep them brolic
my visions is macrocosmic, pass the chronic
the mastered sonics is light years above your conscious
you're novice, but i got notes that strike nerves
i promise your minds ain't sharp like my swords
so cut the bs, and don't worry where my jeans is
and ps, "your bitch a genius, learned from my penis, i got"
dreams sellin' arenas and breaking brackets
tenants racket, while i'm crackin' a serena
god damn, god bless the heaven that sent you
but now i'm breezing out, baby, cause my rent's due
shit is really real out here
i said shit is really real out here (it ain't easy)
yeah, just tryna get a deal out here (word)
(money ain't a thing if i got it) yo
i'm screamin' cream, who fuckin' with the rap supreme?
joey bad and big preem came to collect the green
i got a dollar and a dream, know what i mean?
and i gotta get my mama off the scene
i'm screamin' cream, who fuckin' with the rap supreme?
joey bad and big preem came to collect the green
i got a dollar and a dream, know what i mean?
and i gotta get my mama off the scene (joey badass)
'cause cash ruined everythin' around me
cash ruined everythin' around me, me
cash ruined everythin' around me
(won’t sign to no major if no wager) (money ain't a thing)
they say money is the root of all evil
i see money as the route of all people
'cause we all follow paper trails, paper trails
and everybody gotta pay their bills, pay their bills (it ain't easy)
they say money is the root of all evil
i see money as the route of all people
'cause we all follow paper trails, paper trails
and everybody gotta pay their bills, pay their bills, hey
it's the dollar dollar bill, y'all
it's the dollar dollar bill, it's the dollar bill that kills, y'all
it's the dollar dollar bill, y'all
it's the dollar dollar bill, it's the dollar bill that kills, y'all
it's the dollar dollar bill, y'all
it's the dollar dollar bill, it's the dollar bill that kills, y'all
it's the dollar dollar bill, y'all
it's the dollar dollar bill, it's the dollar bill that kills
before the money it was love
but before the money it was tough
then came the money through a plug
it's a shame this ain't enough

--- Logic - 5AM ---
alright
seen a lot of shit (yeah)
seen a lot of shit
i seen a lot of shit i shouldn't have but never forgot it though
brothers on the corner selling crack like it was nada though
walk inside my kitchen baking soda all up on the floor
police banging on the door while gripping a .44
i was just a youngin' but this type of shit i seen before
y'all see a white boy, but my daddy a negro
half breed motherfucker grip the mic and he flow
i just wanna spread love, they want me to bleed slow
i just wanna keep the peace and help people
give some of this money that i'm making to the people
so if you hatin' on me, goddamn, you evil
and just don't understand 'cause i'm flyer than knievel
been through a lot of shit but i keep it on the d-lo
never bustin' in 'em streets but i keep it g though
i ain't into fairy tales, i'm just me, ho!
only thing i talk about is everything that we know
i heard you got a fucking problem, bitch, i bet i beast
ain't no need to reach, i don't need a piece
i just kill 'em with kindness, yeah, we leave ‘em deceased
and tell it like it is so now you got it, capiche? homie, what up?
let me bring it back down
they think it's a game right now (yeah)
but it ain't the same right now, know my name right now (yeah)
back where i came from now
we gon' live it up 'til we bring it back down
they think it's a game right now
but it ain't the same right now, know my name right now
back where i came from now
we gon' live it up 'til we bring it back down
i hope you live a long life hatin'
now watch every grammy just to see who they nominating, uh
so successful they probably say i signed with satan
but i got god on my side, always down to ride
don't get it twisted, i ain't perfect in the least
i'm still all up in your girl jeans like a crease
matter fact like a geneticist
these rappers' records comin' out, they so repetitive
shout out my homie chance, peace to skizzy mars
rattpack, homie castro, we dropping bars
it's all love, man that shit is ours
they never thought i'd make it, shooting for the stars
yeah, i'm a born sinner, but it's a cole world
shout out my homies that know me, can't forget my old girl
but that's a touchy subject like a priest, woah
i heard y'all finally eating over there, we got a feast, though
keep it rattpack 'til the beat go
you might not get the flow now, let it seep though
fans know my lyrics deeper than the sea floor
but we dumb it down so they spin it on the radio
racism all up in 'em, that shit is irrelevant
my flow is colorblind, rapping for the hell of it
i don't give a fuck, my mind-state celibate
run quick, tell a bitch, rap getting me hella rich
out the blue like ella fitz, my flow is so elegant
death before dishonor, murderin' rappers in front of they mama's
i rep artanis, decipher the word 'cause it's ebonics
reverse the letters and it spells sinatra, yes, i gotcha, bitch it's logic
let me bring it back down
they think it's a game right now (yeah)
but it ain't the same right now, know my name right now (yeah)
back where i came from now
we gon' live it up 'til we bring it back down
they think it's a game right now
but it ain't the same right now, know my name right now
back where i came from now
we gon' live it up 'til we bring it back down
mmmn, i'm thinking...
okay

--- Vince Staples - Blue Suede ---
new shoes with the blue suede
blue suede, the blue suede, the blue suede
young graves get the bouquets
bouquets, the bouquets, the bouquets
hope i outlive them red roses
hope i outlive them red roses
hope i outlive them red roses
hope i outlive them red roses
bitches ain't shit but hoes, i been known this
niggas gon' snitch regardless, mitch showed us
never gon' switch, my momma raised soldiers
show me that profit, cough them rang rovers
up, i'm up now, these hoes all in love now
wanna fuck now, they beg to bend over
half these hoes chauffeurs, half these hoes useless
fucked the face toothless, easy, so ruthless
ask where he from then leave his dome roofless
sweet chin music kick back, gruesome
watch out for judas, vice and g unit
5-0 fucking with the yayo too
l-b-p-d get sprayed on too
always keep it gc, ask my homies for the proof
blowing 40s as a youth, thump deuce in the chevy
hit the corner, run up on him, turn a nigga to spaghettios
new shoes with the blue suede
blue suede, the blue suede, the blue suede
young graves get the bouquets
bouquets, the bouquets, the bouquets
hope i outlive them red roses
hope i outlive them red roses
hope i outlive them red roses
hope i outlive them red roses
bitches ain't shit but tricks, i been known that
blowing on dicks for spliffs and cold cognac
out club hoppin', hoppin' in kodak's
where the coke at? love white like bobby wife
finna party like it's prom tonight
finna kill a nigga walkin' to his mom’s tonight
shit real in the field, get caught, don't squeal
best deal that the judge finna offer: life
play this track in calipat, get it poppin' in the prison
and play this shit in ironwood where my little brother livin'
live or die for the whoopin' or the crippin', pick a side
death row, till they put you in the pikachu to fry
that's life, three strikes, that's life
three hoes, half dyke, this can be a long night
long road to the riches, bravos from the bitches
coulda' been a felon selling nickels off of linden
nigga, fuck that
new shoes with the blue suede
blue suede, the blue suede, the blue suede
young graves get the bouquets
bouquets, the bouquets, the bouquets
hope i outlive them red roses
hope i outlive them red roses
hope i outlive them red roses
hope i outlive them red roses
all i wanted was them jordan's with the blue suede in 'em
all i wanted was them jordan's with the blue suede in 'em
all i wanted was them jordan's with the blue suede in 'em
all i wanted was them jordan's with the blue suede in 'em
blue suede 'em, blue suede in 'em
blue suede 'em, blue suede in 'em

--- Action Bronson - Baby Blue ---
heartbreak drowned sorrows in a large steak
why you always all on my back?
why you gotta do me like that?
why you gotta act like a bitch when i'm with you?
baby girl, i'm blue
because you treat me like shit
i paid for the bed and never even slept in it
i paid for that crib i never stepped foot in
and now somebody else is eating all the pudding
things change, now my dashboard wooden
all black benz, like a young doc gooden
dark shades, 'cause i'm stone crazy
girl, we grown, stop playin' on my phone, baby
all your childish attempts to make me angry fall short
which only fuels the rage you have, because you have nothing
understandable, i'm shinin' brilliant with five brazilians
there were times i used to hide my feelings
now i'm butt naked in the lamborghini
and motherfuckers can't see me
wait 'til this chick see me on tv, i make the shit look easy
who would've thought i hit you right back?
why you always all on my back?
why you gotta do me like that?
why you gotta act like a bitch when i'm with you?
baby girl, i'm blue
so many women wanna call me 'baby'
and you wonder why the fuck that i ain't call you lately
some would say that i'm the symbol for sex and, uh
others would hate, but i don't give 'em no breath
go on a date, i'm at the crib with the chef and, uh
that's me, and you could order whatever
the specialty is white snake and underwear sauce
you could probably catch me somewhere where the sun is next
and i understand that's only 'cause i'm popular
i'm getting topped off in the front row of the opera
as bocelli sings, the celly rings, i gotta go
you'll never know how good it feels to lay in bed with king
i'm not exactly flawless, but i'm gorgeous, just like a horse is
i know the thought of me succeeding makes a lot of people nauseous
still, i'm on the back of the boat taking pictures with the swordfish
why you always all on my back?
why you gotta do me like that?
why you gotta act like a bitch when i'm with you?
baby girl, i'm blue
i hope you get a paper cut on your tongue
from a razor in a paper cup
i hope every soda you drink already shaken up
i hope your dreams dry like raisins in the baking sun
i hope your titties are  all saggy in your early twenties
i hope there's always snow in your driveway
i hope you never get off fridays
and you work at a friday's that's always busy on fridays
i hope you win the lottery and lose your ticket
i hope it's ben and socrates poop all up in your kitchen
i hope the zipper on your jacket get stuck
and your headphones short, and your charger don't work
and you spill shit on your shirt
i hope your tears don't hurt, and i can smile in your face
cut my losses, how delilah changed my locks to a fade
i hope you happy, i hope you happy
i hope you ruined this shit for a reason, i hope you happy (igh!)
why you always all on my back?
why you gotta do me like that?
why you gotta act like a bitch when i'm with you?
baby girl, i'm blue
la, la la la la
la la la la
la la la la
la la la la
la la la la
la la la la

--- Freddie Gibbs - 1985 ---
my brother said, "don't say that", i said, "fuck that, i'm gon' get a whoopin' anyway! it don't make no goddamn difference!"
fuck that
i'm not goin' to find shit
when your mom say? "take the garbage out, what the fuck?"
(yeah) 
yeah, don't lose the beat motherfucker, take the garbage out
yeah-yeah, i just upped the flows to the god level, nigga, what
yeah, yeah-yeah
finna up the flows to the god level, nigga, what
yeah, check-check
yeah, uh, mic check-check
yeah, nigga, check-check
yeah, bitch, check-check
yeah, yeah
quarter thang to a whole thang, whole gang workin' (yeah)
hit a bitch with that extended clip or that revolver
shit'll serve the same purpose (bang, bang)
geekers beamin' up to scotty in my crack lobby
i can smell the 'caine burnin'
michael jordan, 1985, bitch, i travel with a cocaine circus
put them fnh's on your clown ass
catch a nigga up and leave him down bad
i go get a pack and take a nigga town
and fuck his bitches with my out-of-town ass
bomb on niggas like nagasaki
rocket next to my pocket, hot like hibachi
drop the check on the bitch
man, these niggas be lookin' like baby mamas in these maseratis
bitch, i fuck up your face with a razor
how i make sure your motherfuckin' family can't view your body
nigga thuggin' and shit, put my blood in this shit
prick my finger, alfredo, illuminati (illuminati)
joe pesci, pushing product
you niggas is sweeter than joe exotic
on the run like assata, so fuck the police
as a nigga be chillin' in la habana (up in la habana)
police caught him with a whole thang
now they snitchin' man, whole gang workin'
gangland, made a lane in it, if my name in it, it's a gang murder
all my reps in the crack files, bitch, i got 'em up out the vault
i'm the reason your mama be smokin' that brillo
and rippin' them car antennas off, yeah (them car antennas off)
geekers beamin' up to scotty in my crack lobby
i can smell the 'caine burnin'
gangland, if you put a hit on freddie kane it'll be a gang murder
1985, michael jordan, bitch, i travel with a cocaine circus
flow god level, like when hov speak
i make a song weep, i got the game hurt
bitch, yeah-yeah
flow god level, like when hov speak
i make a song weep, i got the game hurt
yeah, yeah-yeah
yeah, check-check
check-check, mic check-check
check-check, yeah, niggas need a check-check, yeah
we got everybody in the house tonighti'll wait for my dj to get ready (nah)

--- Benny the Butcher - Johnny P’s Caddy ---
yeah (you know?)
tana talk 4
, nigga (this shit mean a lot to me, nah mean?)
know this shit don't feel as good as it look (big griselda)
i'ma keep it real with you (black sopranos family)
i'm straight, though (i'm good)
this street shit made me what i am today
(niggas know i went so hard for this shit i deserve this shit, nigga)
argh, butcher comin', nigga
this ain't my story 'bout rags to riches, more 'bout how i mastered physics (uh-huh)
in the game, i used to train like rocky, catchin' chickens (yeah)
i was nice, but they was right when they told me that rap a business
i had ten bands in my stash when i passed over half a million
come easy? no good, don't be surprised i outlast these niggas
it's like they put out a smash then thеy gone in a flash, admit it
and then they makе tracks and diss us like that's gon' add up the digits (fuck you doin'?)
they showin' fake racks in pictures like that's gon' attract the bitches
that was really me, nigga, i ain't have to act in 
conflicted
 (nah)
only difference is i'm livin', and i would've whacked one of 'em niggas
who knew that after drug dealin' i'd still be casual spending mil' plus?
annual income, so here's my manual and then some
and this eastside shit still in me
my ability to turn words to imagery prolly the reason they gon' remember me (let's talk)
figure me, walk this tightrope with a feline's agility
the streets did so much shit to me, i can never live civilly
i can never leave the scene without checkin' my mirrors visually (mm-hmm)
come with that energy 'cause some shit gon' always stick with me
they wanna know what i brought to griselda, i say, "validity"
they askin' "what work y'all niggas put in?", i'm like, "what didn't we?"
problems that i correct through the obstacles i progress
illogical for them to feel they responsible for our success
besides con' and west, tell me, who else i gotta respect? (who else?)
'cause i'm kinda perplexed, it's 'bout time that i got my respect
it's the butcher, nigga
ah, let's go
'bout time that i got my respect, it's the butcher, nigga
yeah, cole fuckin' world
griselda shit, you know what i mean? (griselda)
you know what it is, nigga, when i show up
i'm on ten, nigga, not nine
on the night i was born, the rain was pourin', god was cryin'
lightnin' struck, power outage, sparks was flyin'
the real one's here, the young boy that walk with lions
around the outlines of chalk where the corpses lyin'
of course i'm tryin' to revive a sport that's dyin'
but the guns and the drug bars that y'all rely on
got these nerds thinkin' that you niggas hard as i am
but that just mean i ain't as comfortable as y'all with lyin'
stretchin' the truth, know i never stress in the booth
they feel the pressure, me i feel like i just left the masseuse
effortless, how i'm skatin' on these records is proof
i put your favorite rapper neck in a noose, never lettin' them loose
cole world, the heat'll blast through your speaker
he the last of mohicans, no weaklings last in my sneakers
nigga want me on a song, he gon' see the wrath of the reaper
i'm prolly gon' go to hell if jesus ask for a feature
i'm higher than niggas and don't need a bag full of reefer
some see the glass as empty, i see a glass full of ether
collectin' his bread en masse like he a catholic preacher
just to count a nigga cash, you might need a calculus teacher
eureka, einstein on the brink of the theory of relativity
really, no mc equal, feel me?
cole pen be lethal, crib like an old mtv show, uh
on god, the best rapper alive
headshot, now go and ask the best rappers that died
they'll tell you he never lied, nigga
yeah, tana talk

--- Conway the Machine - Scatter Brain ---
i got reasons, million reasons (yeah)
why you gonna die
i got reasons, million reasons
time to take a life (cannon)
i got reasons, million reasons (yeah)
please stop asking why
i got reasons, my own reasons
reasons in my mind (yeah)
packs in the mail, packs on the road
connect facetimed, said he just hid the last of my load
the shit on my neck, that come from the packs that i sold
i never went platinum or gold (hah)
you still fuck with him and you know he a rat and he told (huh?)
love when a nigga talk stupid
'cause that's when shots run him down and he clappin' his pole (brrt)
trust me, that doesn't bode well for a nigga, it's gon' be victims (boom)
i'm a street nigga, boy, you know the difference
hand around the throat of the rap game
and i'm boa constrictin' (choke), my soul is missin' (choke)
in the top spot, i got sole position, man, this ho was trippin' (woo)
she think i wanna taste her pussy (woo, woo)
i ain't tastin' shit like a covid symptom
i'ma social distance, bitch (hah, look)
i got no resistance with a colt .45 gold edition
i'm a dope magician
niggas disappearin' if i hear 'em dissin'
kill a engineer and kill a nigga mixin'
in the 6, niggas still flippin' nixon
second strike, they finna billy clint' 'em
red and white, he got the blues
turn him into food, everybody grip a biscuit
runnin' lights inside of city limits
i'm excited, my lil' shawty, she the shit
and we inside of somethin' simple with suicidal—
finish the sentence
door close, chop the head off a chicken
morse code, if i'm talkin', i'm clickin'
lights flicker, tell 'em, "hold your position"
money-motivated, mind on a mission
straps in the lap and the pack, got a lock
on the back of the cabinet doors
i lit a match for the torch in the game
for the real niggas only, the fake get exposed
scrapin' the plate, breakin' the bowl
makin' it shake, takin' it home
i'm in the a with a 'k, so come on if you crazy
cold-ass world, goin' out, guns blazin'
fuck is you niggas sayin'?
goin' out, guns blazin'
cold-ass world, niggas get done flagrant
world gone mad, even my son vaping
i'm in my bag, nigga, i'm done playin' with you
gettin' rich off za like it's base in the '80s
spot jumpin' like tracy mcgrady (huh?)
ten chains on, nigga's face lookin' crazy
i still get a paycheck from shady, ah
i got reasons, million reasons (yeah, i got my reasons, yeah)
why you gonna die (my lil' niggas is demons, yeah)
i got reasons, million reasons (they pull up and shoot for no reason, yeah)
time to take a life (brrt, i got my reasons, yeah)
i got reasons, million reasons (i got my reasons, nigga)
please stop asking why (i got my reasons, i got my reasons, yeah-yeah)
i got reasons, my own reasons (i got my reasons, yeah-yeah, i got my reasons, yeah-yeah)
reasons in my mind (i got my reasons, yeah, i got my reasons, yeah)
luda, hah
you so thirsty, you drinkin' poison, nigga
you ain't gangsta
stop kiddin' around, bring the toys in, nigga
luda's your daddy
you should be happy i'm givin' you playtime
but none of you rappers could see me
not even if i was to pick up on facetime
you're wastin' time hatin' on another nigga
when you could be makin' money yourself, ho
featherweights, i make 'em levitate
get spanked with the heavyweight belt, ho
oh, and the crowd goes wild
creed ii
, tell 'em, "throw in the towel"
cocaine is a hell of a drug
like rick james, have a coke and a smile
fuck your couch and your whole existence
you leavin' your family and the kids defenseless
headed to a early grave, now you dead and broke
life beat 'em senseless, get it?
bow down to rap's dignitary
'cause luda always been a visionary
i always knew you was a bitch
so i just read your obituary, nigga
i got reasons, million reasons (yeah, i got my reasons, yeah)
please stop asking why (my lil' niggas is demons, yeah, uh-huh)
i got reasons, my own reasons (they pull up and shoot for no reason, yeah)
reasons in my mind (brrt, i got my reasons, yeah)

--- Westside Gunn - Euro Step ---
conductor, conductor, conductor
ayo
flygod
ayo, rockin' all sacai in the 911 soft-top (skrrt)
hopped out, big drum on it, had to sort 'em out (brr, brr)
peace, my name's west, but i'm from the east (ah)
ayo, the only nigga that got five visions with fire vision
open your eyes, listen, this our time, christie's and fly
waitin' for fly bitches, sippin' pain in the rain
never got wet, this for my niggas that's locked in the cage
brushin' they waves with a chip bag, drive it like six flags (skrrt)
clothes from fifth ave, broke it, i got rich fast
how you figure you niggas iller? you illin', millin', and shillin'
icon, what a wonderful feeling, put holes in your building (boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom)
allah willin', i be touchin' big bags (ah)
goyard leashes on all-red saint bernards
saint laurents, water whip the coke with the avian
they be on bullshit, i be on real time
i be out in france with clovis sippin' real wine
toast to my real niggas that's sellin' dope still (ah)
i be sippin' real wine, toast to my niggas (brr)
toast to my niggas in the field, s— (brr)
mm-mm-mm, na-na and red wine
toast to my niggas in the field, sellin' dope, yeah
to my niggas still in field, sellin' dope (ah)
my middle knuckle is bigger than all my knuckles on this hand right here, bruh
you ain't got a scratch on your middle knuckle
you know what i mean? you ain't been through nothin'
you never— ain't— you never been in the— in the crib
with welfare cheese and fried bologna and all that stuff like that for dinner at nighttime, man
don't come at me with that lil' punk ass shit

--- Dave East - Paper Chasin ---
chasing, chasing, chasing, chasing
eyy i'm like a bad doctor i ain't got no patience
eyy, uuhh, eyy
chasing, chasing, chasing  all this paper chasing
i'm like a bad doctor, i ain't got no patience (yeah)
i'm gon' work for months, i won't take vacations (that's right)
chasing, chasing, chasing all this paper chasing
chasing, chasing, chasing all this paper chasing
i'm like a bad doctor, i ain't got no patience (no patience)
i'm gon' work for months, i won't take vacations (right)
'cause i'm chasing, chasing, chasing all this paper chasing
i don't care about them other niggas
we came up from nothing, it was never  with us
tell kairi i love her, if they ever get us out of town
poppin with 11 niggas
you want this cuban, you will never get it
couple hundred thousand, i will never spend it
sneak dissing, i was never with it
i got money coming, i ain't never tripping
ferg and your boy on and paper chasing
all of these diamonds, they look like a lake and i mix the margiela with bathing ape
i put codeine in the gatorade
i walk in the club and the boss stop
can't pronounce what i pulled out the car lot (scurr)
emotional niggas be all in their feeling 'cus killing they bitch had a soft spot (my bad)
in the jungle, i got tiger in me
fake pages, you cannot offend me
jumping out a foreign from without a penny
had a hood booger, now a model with me
i go deliver on a sunday
using feature money for the gunplay
i'm driving drunk down a one way
since i got a f, ain't caught one case, eastside
chasing, chasing, chasing  all this paper chasing
i'm like a bad doctor, i ain't got no patience (yeah)
i'm gon' work for months, i won't take vacations (right)
chasing, chasing, chasing all this paper chasing
chasing, chasing, chasing all this paper chasing
i'm like a bad doctor, i ain't got no patience (yeah)
i'm gon' work for months, i won't take vacations (right)
cause i'm chasing, chasing, chasing all this paper chasing
chasing, chasing, all this paper chasing
i'ma work for months, all this money making
fucking on your lady while you're masturbating
me and dave east finna rule a nation (yeah)
money smile like i'm richard porter
uncle used to pitch the water
gotta meet his quota, i was young and stealin' quarter waters
now my diamonds colder than minnesota
fuck your bitch, i'ont even call her
buy her louis, i'ont even spoil her
short nigga but my money taller
cus my flow is hotter than a fucking sauna
live in harlem like i'm frank lucas
dentist put a diamond where the tooth is
white and black bitch like clueless
montell will, how we do this
chasing, chasing, chasing  all this paper chasing (yeah)
i'm like a bad doctor, i ain't got no patience (yeah)
i'm gon' work for months, i won't take vacations (that's right)
chasing, chasing, chasing all this paper chasing
chasing, chasing, chasing all this paper chasing
i'm like a bad doctor, i ain't got no patience (yeah)
i'm gon' work for months, i won't take vacations (right)
cause i'm chasing, chasing, chasing all this paper chasing

--- Young Dolph - Get Paid ---
(renegade)
ayy, ayy, ayy, ayy, ayy
(paper route empire)
it's dolph
hah
get paid, young nigga, get paid (uh-huh)
get paid, young nigga, get paid (go get the money, nigga)
get paid, young nigga, get paid (yup)
whatever you do, just make sure you get paid
get paid, young nigga, get paid
get paid, young nigga, get paid
crib so big that it came with a maid (dope boy)
get paid, young nigga, get paid (it's dolph)
rule number one (what's that?), get the money first (okay)
rule number two (what?), don't forget to get the money (ayy)
play by these rules and everything will be okay (yup)
still in my trap flippin' my frito-lays (hey, hey)
go get the money, it ain't nothing else important to me (nah)
i showed her a xanax, she hurried up and took it (woo)
i fucked her so good, she got up and started cookin' (damn)
rolling up big blunts out a pound of cookies
if you ain't got forty bands, then you can't book me (nope)
pulled up on the side your bitch, she wouldn't stop lookin'
that bitch good as tooken (yup), good as gone (gone)
i guarantee tonight, my nigga, that bitch ain't comin' home
i got money to count (dope boy), i got bitches to fuck (yup)
i got packs to flip (for real), pistols to bust (bah)
when i was small, i ain't have nothin' (damn)
started sellin' dope and prayed to god for a plug
he showed up and said
get paid, young nigga, get paid (uh-huh)
get paid, young nigga, get paid (go get the money, nigga)
get paid, young nigga, get paid (yup)
whatever you do, just make sure you get paid
get paid, young nigga, get paid
get paid, young nigga, get paid
crib so big that it came with a maid (dope boy)
get paid, young nigga, get paid
get paid, nigga (yeah), get paid, bitch (yeah)
you on some rich nigga shit, we on the same shit (for real)
me and my memphis grizzly partners fuck the same bitches (what?)
the only difference is i'm a trap nigga
don't you hear it in my voice when i rap, nigga? (yeah)
on south beach with e-feezy throwing stacks, nigga (woo)
turnt to the max, nigga (it's dolph), facts, nigga (yeah)
she met me for the first time, didn't know how to act, nigga
double-r parked in my motherfuckin' front yard
trap jumpin' like the motherfuckin' million man march
if she ain't got a fat ass, then she can't get up in this car
i can tell if that ass real or fake by how she walk (it's dolph)
get paid, young nigga, get paid (uh-huh)
get paid, young nigga, get paid (go get the money, nigga)
get paid, young nigga, get paid (yup)
whatever you do, just make sure you get paid
get paid, young nigga, get paid
get paid, young nigga, get paid
crib so big that it came with a maid (dope boy)
get paid, young nigga, get paid

--- Key Glock - Ambition For Cash ---
(tay keith, fuck these niggas up)
yeah
yeah
glizock
yeah, yeah, yeah, bitch, i'm in my bag
yeah, bag, yeah, bag, bitch, i just made a bag
yeah, bag, yeah, bag, bitch i just made a bag
yeah, bag, yeah, bag, yeah, bag a big bag
yeah, nigga, i got a real, real addiction for this cash (yeah, nigga)
i got a real ambition for this cash
yeah, thirteen years old with a shoe box stash
yeah, i'm always up to somethin', never sitting on my ass
nigga, this glizock got my skinnys saggin'
nigga, i tote that glizock with a passion (baow)
nigga, i tote that glizock with a passion (yeah, yeah, yeah)
and i talk a whole lot of shit 'cause i can bag it
up (up), yeah, it's up there (yeah)
bitch my heart cold (yeah), my last name moncler
my pockets fat swole, no, i don't eat pears (uh-uh)
and trappin' ain't dead (what?), these niggas just queers
i'm sippin' color purple syrup, ballin' hard just like the beard (swoosh)
yeah, and larry bird
i'm shootin' shit, i know you heard (yup)
ten toes, never in no hurry (yup)
nigga, i call shots, you heard? (yup)
money talking, what's the word? (brrt, huh? what's up?)
ayy, i pray, but don't go to church
don't ask me to spit a verse (uh-uh)
can't trust no ho, that's devil work
yeah, i know the devil work (i know)
and i know that nobody's perfect
still can't trust a bitch for certain
hmm
for real though (the fuck?)
yeah, yeah, yeah, bitch, i'm in my bag
yeah, bag, yeah, bag, bitch, i just made a bag
yeah, bag, yeah, bag, bitch i just made a bag
yeah, bag, yeah, bag, yeah, bag a big bag
yeah, nigga, i got a real, real addiction for this cash (yeah, nigga)
i got a real ambition for this cash
yeah, thirteen years old with a shoe box stash
yeah, i'm always up to somethin', never sitting on my ass
yeah, nigga, i got a real, real addiction for this cash (yeah)
i got a real ambition for this cash
yeah, thirteen years old with a shoe box stash
yeah, i'm always up to somethin', never sitting on my ass
the fuck?
nigga
yeah

--- Moneybagg Yo - Time Today ---
i just looked at my wrist, i got time today
fuck it, i'm crossin' the line today
the hate be so real, the love be fake
be bumpin' they gums and bumpin' my tape
don't go against me, then ask for my help
go get out your feelings and get it yourself
might got the same shoes, but you ain't gon' step (nope)
the shit that you just put out, you could've kept, yep
she got a nigga, he gotta share (why?)
you can't compete when you can't compare (period)
she ate the dick through my underwеar (uh)
got up and got herself outta therе
i see they put me on memes and things
don't speak on my life without knowin' the real
eight figures a year, what it cost me to live
don't hold it, just say what you feel, but
watch your mouth 'fore i fly out your bitch (where?)
to a place that she didn't know exist (gone)
mediterranean, water my wrist (bitch)
keepin' 'em pissed, how i'm talkin' my shit
six-figure check for a show, man, i'm lit (lit)
let's celebrate, now my bag legit (go)
these niggas with me with whatever i'm with (yeah)
didn't know who did it, got everybody hit, bitch (brr)
i don't like niggas, i don't like bitches, i don't like nobody (nobody, nobody)
we can get gangsta, we can keep it cordial, how you wanna go 'bout it? (how you wanna do it?)
i don't backtrack, man, fuck that, i don't miss nobody (i don't miss nothin')
left it on seen, i ain't write back, i don't trust nobody (period)
i just looked at my wrist, i got time today
fuck it, i'm crossin' the line today
these bitches'll cry and be lyin' in your face (facts)
slicker than us, gotta know how they play
if the money wasn't straight, she wouldn't be here today
ain't it, man, she don't know what to say
you ain't me so it's hard to relate (what?)
how much cash i fuck off every day? (big bagg)
don't play with me, baby, go play with your pussy
you see 'em in person, these niggas be shooken
a huncho, it cost you a quavo to book me
i'm worth it, the proof in the pudding
surrounded by bitches (four of 'em)
i'm lookin' like william but they ain't my girlfriends (nah)
bruh, i'ma spin on your block, back to back when i finish, it look like the world end (dawg)
i ain't ask for it, they did it to me (what?)
niggas exposin' they hands for free
get caught in the middle, that's bullseye (get it too)
you got hit, but we was targetin' he (him)
poppin' my shit with a capital p (caps)
srt, redeye, red key (vroom)
might be ugly but my bitch precious (bad)
she ain't even sneeze, but still i bless her (achoo)
i don't like niggas, i don't like bitches, i don't like nobody (nobody, nobody)
we can get gangsta, we can keep it cordial, how you wanna go 'bout it? (how you wanna do it?)
i don't backtrack, man, fuck that, i don't miss nobody (i don't miss nothin')
left it on seen, i ain't write back, i don't trust nobody (period)
i just looked at my wrist, i got time today
fuck it, i'm crossin' the line today
i just looked at my wrist, i got time today
fuck it, i'm crossin' the line today
i just looked at my wrist, i got time today
fuck it, i'm crossin' the line today

--- Lil Yachty - Minnesota ---
brrt, brrt, bang, bang
ayy
you need to stay up out them streets if you can't take the heat
you need to stay up out them streets if you can't take the heat
'cause it get cold like minnesota, cold like minnesota
cold like minnesota, cold like minnesota
need to stay up out them streets if you can't take the heat
you need to stay up out them streets if you can't take the heat
'cause it get cold like minnesota, cold like minnesota
cold like minnesota, it get cold like minnesota
need to stay up out them streets if you can't take the heat
you need to stay up out them streets if you can't take the heat
'cause it get cold like minnesota, ridin' 'round on boulders
money sittin' up, it sits way above your shoulders
i was eatin' pork and rinds with a bitch from new york times
i don't eat no pork and rinds but that bitch was mighty fine
i got gold all on my necklace, tatted up my arms
now my mama think i'm reckless, got guns under my mattress
i was juggin since a youngin', free my older cousin reesey
he from hamilton not d.c, i rock n.bs like i'm gleeshy
flip phone banging off the walls, gucci on my drawers
why the fuck you in these streets if you're scared of them four walls?
i was strokin' on your sister, she was callin' me her mister
she suck dick for a picture, it's lil yachty nice to meet you
i was juggin' off them stacks, countin' up them racks
almost had a lifetime sentence, but i beat it, shout out to pat!
pat, that's my lawyer, he got me off them chargers
8 stacks for that boy, he took care of the boy
cold like minnesota, cold like minnesota
cold like minnesota, it get cold like minnesota
need to stay up out them streets if you can't take the heat
you need to stay up out them streets if you can't take the heat
'cause it get cold like minnesota, cold like minnesota
cold like minnesota, it get cold like minnesota

--- Playboi Carti - Magnolia ---
(yo, pi'erre, you wanna come out here?)
uh
in new york, i milly rock (rock)
hide it in my sock (sock)
runnin' from an opp (opp)
and i shoot at opp (opp), uh, uh (what?)
and i'm on the block (what?), uh, uh (what? what?)
and i'm on the block (what?)
in new york, i milly rock (hello?)
hide it in my sock (what?)
hide it in my sock (what?)
sellin' that rerock (what? woah, what? what? uh, what? what?)
in new york, i milly rock (ooh)
hide it in my sock (woah)
used to sell rerock (what?)
runnin' from the cops (woah)
shootin' at these opps (woah)
(yo, pi'erre, you wanna come out here?) (woah)
shootin' at these opps (what?)
'cause i run they block (what?), uh
give me top (top), uh, in my drop-top
all these hoes gon' flock (flock, flock)
when i drop, yeah (drop, drop)
all these hoes gon' flock (flock, flock)
when i drop, yeah (drop, drop)
all these hoes gon' flock (flock, flock)
when i drop, uh (drop, drop)
woo, woo, woo, woo (bitch)
woo, woo (bitch), woo, woo (bitch)
all these hoes want cash (cash)
all these hoes want bags, uh
fuckin' on your bitch (bitch), uh
i'm her dad (yeah), uh
all these niggas sound like cash, sound like cash (blah)
i'm a soldier, ooh (what?)
damn, i thought i told you, ooh (what?)
shootin' like a soldier, ooh (bitch)
like i'm from magnolia, ooh (what?)
all these niggas (what? what?) always fold (what? what?)
big bank (what? what?) never fold (what?)
i'm sippin' act' (what?), fill that shit slowly (hello?)
bitches on me (what? beep), say she like my clothin' (yeah)
i'm in london (what?), yung carti global (what?)
designer is on me (phew), call it dirty laundry (phew)
all these bitches want yung carti (what?), yung carti (yeah)
ayy, yung carti, yung carti, what? (hop in the bit', hop in the bit')
yung carti, yung carti (what? what? hold on), yeah
all of your bitches, they loose, hold on
all of your bitches, they loose, hold on (yeah)
all of my bitches, they rich, hold on
and they stay rockin' that rick, hold on
(yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah)
uh, what? what? hold on, what? what? uh (yeah)
rich, rich (rich)
cash carti, bitch (bitch)
rich, bitch (hold on)
got a rich clique (hold on)
i'm suckin' on the clit (hold on)
she suckin' on the dick (yeah)
give that ho a tip (yeah)
told her, "buy some kicks" (kicks)
ooh, then i brush my teeth (what?)
hop up in the whip
glocky in the whip (skrrt; glocky)
glocky in the whip (yeah)
and i'm cocky, fuckin' on a thottie
she just wanna plot me, bitch can't stop me (stop me)
i'm ridin' in a masi (what? masi)
this ain't even my masi (nah)
hope that's not your thottie (what?)
your bitch look like a auntie (what?)
walked in with ashanti (what?)
damn, that look like 'shanti (what?)
damn, that look like carti (yeah-yeah)
i think that be yung carti
heard he spent a hundred on a fuckin' watch piece, that's filthy (phew, what? woah, woah)
in new york, i milly rock (what?)
hide it in my sock (what? what?)
runnin' from an opp (what? what?)
and i shoot at opp (what? what?), uh, uh (phew)
and i'm on the block (phew), uh, uh (hello?)
and i'm on the block (what?)
in new york, i milly rock (what?)
hide it in my sock (what?)
hide it in my sock (sock)
sellin' that rerock (rerock)
what? what? (what?)
what? uh, what?
in new york, i milly rock (what?)
hide it in my sock (what?)
use to sell rerock, uh
runnin' from the cops, uh
shootin' at these opps
you know what i'm sayin'?
yo
 (yeah), 
pi'erre, you wanna come out here?
bitch-ass nigga, fuck that nigga, man

--- Chief Keef - Love Sosa ---
i'm tired of motherfuckers in school tellin' me, always in the barbershop
"chief keef ain't 'bout this, chief keef ain't 'bout that"
my boy a bd, on fuckin' lamron and them
he, he, they say that nigga don't be puttin' in no work
shut the fuck up, y'all niggas ain't know shit
all y'all motherfuckers talkin' about
"chief keef ain't no hitter, chief keef ain't this, chief keef a fake"
shut the fuck up, y'all don't live with that nigga
y'all know that nigga got caught with a ratchet
shootin' at the police and shit
nigga been on probation since, fuckin', i don't know when
motherfucker, stop fuckin' playin' him like that
them niggas savages out there
if i catch another motherfucker talkin' sweet about chief keef
i'm fuckin' beatin' they ass
i'm not fuckin' playin' no more
know them niggas roll with lil reese and them
(young chop on the beat)
love sosa, bitches love sosa, ha
o end or no end, 'raris and rovers, ah'raris and rovers, ayy, broke boys, ayy, ayy
bang, bang-bang, ah
god, y'all some broke boys, god, y'all some broke boys
these bitches love sosa (ha), o end or no end (yuh)
fuckin' with them o boys (ha), you gon' get fucked over (bang-bang)
'raris and rovers (bang, skrrt), these hoes love chief sosa
hit him with that cobra (bang-bang), now that boy slumped over (bang, bang)
they do it all for sosa, you boys ain't making no noise
y'all know i'm a grown boy (bitch), yo' clique full of broke boys (bitch)
god, y'all some broke boys (ah), god, y'all some broke boys (bang-bang, ah)
we gbe dope boys (bang-bang, gbe, baby), we got lots of dough, boy (bang, bang), hah
these bitches love sosa and they love them glo boys (ha)
know we from the 'go, boy (ha), but we cannot go, boy (nah, nah, nah)
no, i don't know old boy, i know he's a broke boy (yeah)
'raris and rovers, convertible lambos, boy (skrrt, skrrt, skrrt, skrrt)
you know i got bands, boy (bands), and it's in my pants, boy (my pants)
disrespect them o-boys (ha), you won't speak again, boy (again)
don't think that i'm playin', boy (nah), no, we don't use hands, boy (nah)
no, we don't do friends, boy (nah), collect bands, i'm a landlord (bih, bih, bih)
i gets lots of commas, i can fuck yo' momma (yeah)
i ain't with the drama (nah), you can meet my llama (bang-bang, bang, bang)
ridin' with 3hunna, with three hundred foreigns (yuh)
these bitches see chief sosa, i swear to god, they honored, ha (ha, ha)
these bitches love sosa, o end or no end (yuh, yuh, on god)
fuckin' with them o boys (ha), you gon' get fucked over (bang)
'raris and rovers (skrrt), these hoes love chief sosa
hit him with that cobra, now that boy slumped over (bang-bang, bang, bang)
they do it all for sosa, you boys ain't making no noise (nah)
y'all know i'm a grown boy (bih), yo' clique full of broke boys (bih)
god, y'all some broke boys, god, y'all some broke boys (ah, ah, ah, ah)
we gbe dope boys (gbe, baby), we got lots of dough, boy (ah, ah), ah
don't make me call d. rose, boy, he six double-o, boy (6hunna)
and he keep that pole, boy (bang-bang), you gon' get fucked over (bang, bang)
bitch, i done sell soda and i done sell coca (yuh)
she gon' clap for sosa (clap, baby), he gon' clap for sosa (yuh)
they do it for sosa, them hoes (ha), they do it for sosa (yuh)
tadoe off the molly water, so, nigga, be cool like water
'fore you get hit with this lava (bang-bang), bitch, i'm the trendin' topic (yuh)
don't care no price, i'll cop it, b (yuh), and your bitch steady jockin' me (bih, bih)
these bitches love sosa, o end or no end (ha)
fuckin' with them o boys (ha), you gon' get fucked over (bang, bang)
'raris and rovers (bang, skrrt), these hoes love chief sosa (sosa, baby, haha)
hit him with that cobra (bang-bang), now that boy slumped over (bang, bang)
they do it all for sosa, you boys ain't making no noise (nah)
y'all know i'm a grown boy (bitch), yo' clique full of broke boys (bitch)
god, y'all some broke boys (ha), god, y'all some broke boys (ha)
we gbe dope boys (gbe, baby), we got lots of dough, boy, ha

--- Kendrick Lamar - How Much a Dollar Cost ---
how much a dollar really cost?
the question is detrimental, paralyzin' my thoughts
parasites in my stomach keep me with a gut feeling, y'all
gotta see how i'm chillin' once i park this luxury car
hopping out feeling big as mutombo
"20 on pump 6," dirty marcellus called me dumbo
twenty years ago, can't forget
now i can lend him a ear or two
how to stack these residuals tenfold
the liberal concept of what men'll do
"20 on 6," he didn't hear me
indigenous african only spoke zulu
my american tongue was leery
walked out the gas station
a homeless man with a semi-tan complexion
asked me for ten rand, stressin' about dry land
deep water, powder blue skies that crack open
a piece of crack that he wanted, i knew he was smokin'
he begged and pleaded
asked me to feed him twice, i didn't believe it
told him, "beat it"
contributin' money just for his pipe—i couldn't see it
he said, "my son, temptation is one thing that i've defeated
listen to me, i want a single bill from you
nothin' less, nothin' more"
i told him i ain't have it and closed my door
tell me, how much a dollar cost?
it's more to feed your mind
water, sun and love, the one you love
all you need, the air you breathe
he's starin' at me in disbelief
my temper is buildin', he's starin' at me, i grab my key
he's starin' at me, i started the car, then i tried to leave
and somethin' told me to keep it in park until i could see
the reason why he was mad at a stranger
like i was supposed to save him
like i'm the reason he's homeless and askin' me for a favor
he's starin' at me, his eyes followed me with no laser
he's starin' at me, i notice that his stare is contagious
'cause now i'm starin' back at him, feelin' some type of disrespect
if i could throw a bat at him, it'd be aimin' at his neck
i never understood someone beggin' for goods
askin' for handouts, takin' it if they could
and this particular person just had it down pat
starin' at me for the longest until he finally asked
"have you ever opened up exodus 14?
a humble man is all that we ever need"
tell me, how much a dollar cost?
it's more to feed your mind
water, sun and love, the one you love
all you need, the air you breathe
guilt trippin' and feelin' resentment
i never met a transient that demanded attention
they got me frustrated, indecisive and power trippin'
sour emotions got me lookin' at the universe different
i should distance myself, i should keep it relentless
my selfishness is what got me here, who the fuck i'm kiddin'?
so i'ma tell you like i told the last bum
crumbs and pennies, i need all of mines
and i recognize this type of panhandlin' all the time
i got better judgment, i know when nigga's hustlin', keep in mind
when i was strugglin', i did compromise, now i comprehend
i smell grandpa's old medicine, reekin' from your skin
moonshine and gin, nigga, you're babblin', your words ain't flatterin'
i'm imaginin' denzel but lookin' at o'neal
kazaam is sad thrills, your gimmick is mediocre
the jig is up, i seen you from a mile away losin' focus
and i'm insensitive, and i lack empathy
he looked at me and said, "your potential is bittersweet"
i looked at him and said, "every nickel is mines to keep"
he looked at me and said, "know the truth, it'll set you free
you're lookin' at the messiah, the son of jehovah, the higher power
the choir that spoke the word, the holy spirit
the nerve of nazareth, and i'll tell you just how much a dollar cost
the price of having a spot in heaven, embrace your loss—i am god"
i washed my hands, i said my grace
what more do you want from me?
tears of a clown, guess i'm not all what it's all meant to be
shades of grey will never change if i condone
turn this page, help me change to right my wrongs

--- J. Cole - Love Yourz ---
hm, love yours
hm, love yours
no such thing
no such thing as a life that's better than yours
no such thing as a life that's better than yours (love yours)
no such thing as a life that's better than yours
no such thing, no such thing
heart beatin' fast, let a nigga know that he alive
fake niggas mad, snakes
snakes in the grass let a nigga know that he arrived
don't be sleepin' on your level
'cause it's beauty in the struggle, nigga (beauty, beauty)
goes for all y'all (eh, rah, eh, rah)
it's beauty in the struggle, nigga (beauty, beauty)
let me explain, yeah
it's beauty in the struggle, ugliness in the success
hear my words and listen to my signal of distress
i grew up in the city and know sometimes we had less
compared to some my niggas down the block, man, we were blessed
and life can't be no fairy tale, no once upon a time
but i be goddamned if a nigga don't be tryin'
so tell me, momma please, why you be drinkin' all the time?
does all the pain he brought you still linger in your mind?
'cause pain still lingers on mine
on the road to riches, listen, this is what you'll find
the good news is, nigga, you came a long way
the bad news is, nigga, you went the wrong way
think bein' broke was better
no such thing as a life that's better than yours (ha)
no such thing as a life that's better than yours (think bein' broke was better)
no such thing as a life that's better than yours
(think bein' broke was better, yeah) no such thing, no such thing
for what's money without happiness?
or hard times without the people you love?
though i'm not sure what's 'bout to happen next
i ask for strength from the lord (man) up above
'cause i been strong so far, but i can feel my grip loosenin'
quick, do somethin' before you lose it for good, get it back and use it for good
and touch the people how you did like before
i'm tired of livin' with demons 'cause they always invitin' more
think bein' broke was better, now i don't mean that phrase with no disrespect
to all my niggas out there livin' in debt
cashin' minimal checks, turn on the tv, see a nigga rolex
and fantasize about a life with no stress
i mean this shit sincerely, and as a nigga who was once in your shoes
livin' with nothin' to lose, i hope one day you hear me
always gon' be a bigger house somewhere, but nigga, feel me
long as the people in that motherfucker love you dearly
always gon' be a whip that's better than the one you got
always gon' be some clothes that's fresher than the ones you rock
always gon' be a bitch that's badder out there on the tours
but you ain't never gon' be happy 'til you love yours
no such thing as a life that's better than yours (love yours)
no such thing as a life that's better than yours (love yours)
no such thing as a life that's better than yours (love yours)
no such thing, no such thing
heart beatin' fast, let a nigga know that he alive ('live, 'live, 'live)
fake niggas mad, snakes
snakes in the grass let a nigga know that he arrived ('rived, rived, rived)

--- Nas - I Gave You Power ---
damn, look how muh'fuckers use a nigga
just use me for whatever the fuck they want
i don't get to say shit
just grab me, just do what the fuck they want
sell me, throw me away
niggas just don't give a fuck about a nigga like me, right
like i'm a f-, i'm a gun, shit
it's like i'm a motherfucking gun, i can't believe this shit
word up, word up
i seen some cold nights and bloody days, they grab me, bullets spray
they use me wrong, so i sing this song to this day
my body is cold steel, for real
i was made to kill, that's why they keep me concealed
under car seats, they sneak me in clubs, been in the hands of mad thugs
they feed me when they load me with mad slugs
seventeen precisely; one in my head
they call me desert eagle; semi-auto with lead
i'm seven inches, four pounds, been through so many towns
ohio to little rock to canarsie, living harshly
beat up and battered, they pull me out, i watch as niggas scattered
making me kill, but what i feel, it never mattered
when i'm empty, i'm quiet, finding myself fiending to be fired
a broken safety, niggas place me in shelves, under beds
so i beg for my next owner to be a thoroughbred
keeping me full up with hollow heads
how you like me now? i go, "blaow!"
it's that shit that moves crowds, making every ghetto foul
i might've took your first child, scarred your life or crippled your style
i gave you power, i made you buck-wild
how you like me now? i go, "blaow!"
it's that shit that moves crowds, making every ghetto foul
i might've took your first child, scarred your life or crippled your style
i gave you power, i made you buck-wild
always, i'm in some shit! my abdomen is the clip
the barrel's my dick, uncircumcised
pull my skin back and cock me. i bust off when they unlock me
results of what happens to niggas shock me
i see niggas bleeding, running from me in fear, stunningly, tears
fall down the eyes of these so-called tough guys, for years
i've been used in robberies, giving niggas heart to follow me
placing peoples in graves, funerals made 'cause i was sprayed
i was laid in a shelf with a grenade
met a wrecked-up tec with numbers on his chest that say
five-two-oh-nine-three-eight-five-and-zero
had a serial defaced, hoping one day, police would place
where he came from, a name or some sort of person to claim him
tired of murdering, made him wanna be a plain gun
but, yo, i had some other plans, like the next time the beef is on
i make myself jam right in my owner's hand
how you like me now? i go, "blaow!"
it's that shit that moves crowds, making every ghetto foul
i might've took your first child, scarred your life or crippled your style
i gave you power, i made you buck-wild
how you like me now? i go, "blaow!"
it's that shit that moves crowds, making every ghetto foul
i might've took your first child, scarred your life or crippled your style
i gave you power, i made you buck-wild
yo, weeks went by and i'm surprised
still stuck in the shelf with all the things that an outlaw hides
besides me, it's bullets, two vests and then, a nine
there's a grenade in a box and that tec that kept crying
'cause he ain't been cleaned in a year, he's rusty, it's clear
he's 'bout to fall to pieces 'cause of his murder career
yo, i can hear somebody coming in, open the shelf, his eyes bubbling
he said it was on, i felt his palm troubled him. shaking
somebody stomped him out, his dome was aching
he placed me on his waist; the moment i've been waiting
my creation was for blacks to kill blacks
it's gats like me that accidentally go off, making niggas memories
but this time, it's done intentionally
he walked me outside, saw this cat, cocked me back, said, "remember me?"
he pulled the trigger, but i held on, it felt wrong
knowing niggas is waiting in hell for him (hell for him)
he squeezed harder, i didn't budge. sick of the blood
sick of them thugs, sick of wrath of the next man's grudge
what the other kid did was pull out, no doubt
a newer me in better shape, before he lit out. he lead the chase
my owner fell to the floor, his wig split
so fast, i didn't know he was hit, it's over wit'
heard mad niggas screaming, niggas running, cops was coming
now, i'm happy, until i felt somebody else grab me. damn!

--- Kanye West - Spaceship ---
i've been working this grave-shift
and i ain't made shit (yeah, yeah)
i wish i could (me, too)
buy me a spaceship and fly (i swear i do)
past the sky, oh
glc feel you, ye—i feel you, man
i've been working this grave-shift
and i ain't made shit
i wish i could
buy me a spaceship and fly
past the sky (man, man, man...)
oh, oh, oh
if my manager insults me again
i will be assaulting him
after i fuck the manager up
then, i'm gonna shorten the register up
let's go back, back to the gap
look at my check—wasn't no scratch
so if i stole, wasn't my fault
yeah, i stole—never got caught
they take me to the back and pat me
asking me about some khakis
but let some black people walk in
i bet you they show off their token blackie
oh, now they love kanye
"let's put him all in the front of the store"
so i'm on break
next to the "no smoking" sign with a blunt in the mall
taking my hits, writing my hits
writing my rhymes, playing my mind
this fucking job can't help him
so i quit, y'all welcome
y'all don't know my struggle
y'all can't match my hustle
you can't catch my hustle
you can't fathom my love, dude
lock yourself in a room
doing five beats a day for three summers
that's 
a different world
 like cree summer's
i deserve to do these numbers
"the kid that made that deserves that maybach!"
so many records in my basement
i'm just waitin' on my spaceship, blaow!
i've been working this grave-shift
and i ain't made shit
i wish i could buy me a spaceship and fly
past the sky, oh
i've been working this grave-shift
and i ain't made shit
i wish i could 
buy me a spaceship and fly
past the sky
tryna tell you, man, way past the sky
oh, oh
 (let's go, ugh)
and i didn't even try to work a job
represent the mob at the same time (woo)
thirsty on the grind, chi state of mind
lost my mama, lost my mind (aww)
life, my love, that's not mine
"why you ain't signed?" wasn't my time
leave me alone, work for y'all
half of it's yours, half of it's mine
only wanna ball, never wanna fall (ugh)
gotta get mine, gotta take mine (ugh)
got a tec-9, reach my prime (ugh)
gotta make these haters respect mine (yeah)
in the mall 'til 12 when my schedule had said 9
putting them pants on shelves
waiting patiently, i ask myself
where i wanna go, where i wanna be
life is much more than running in the streets
holler at 'ye, hit me with the beat
put me on my feet, sounds so sweet
yes, i'm the same ol' g
same goatee, stayin' low-key, nope
holler at god: "man, why'd you have to take my folks?"
hope to see freddie g., yusef g, love my g
rolly g, police watch me
smoke my weed and count my gs
got a lot of people counting on me (that's right)
and i'm just tryin' to find my peace (that's right)
should've finished school like my niece
then i finally wouldn't use my piece, blaow!
i've been working this grave-shift
aww, man, this pressure
and i ain't made shit
i wish i could
buy me a spaceship and fly
past the sky
, oh
i've been working this grave-shift
and i ain't made shit
i wish i could
buy me a spaceship and fly
past the sky
oh, oh, oh
i 'member having to take the dollar cab
coming home real late at night
standing on my feet all damn day
tryna make this thing right
and havin' one of my coworkers say, "yo, you look just like
this kid i seen in an old busta rhymes video the other night"
well, easy come, easy go, how that saying goes
no more broad service, cars, and them tv shows
that all had got snatched from me, a&rs and they faculties
all turn they back on me and didn't wanna hear a rap from me
so naturally, actually, had to face things factually
had to be a catastrophe, empty fridge is staring back at me
'cause nothing's there, nothing's fair
i don't wanna ever go back there
so i won't be taking no days off 'til my spaceship takes off, blaow!
i've been working this grave-shift
and i ain't made shit
i wish i could
buy me a spaceship and fly
past the sky
, oh
i've been working this grave-shift
and i ain't made shit
i wish i could
buy me a spaceship and fly
past the sky
oh, oh, oh
i wanna fly
i wanna fly
i said i want my chariot to pick me up
and take a brother for a ride
(heaven knows, heaven knows)

--- Eminem - Rock Bottom ---
ayo, this song is dedicated
to all the happy people
all the happy people who have real nice lives
and have no idea what it's like to be broke as fuck
i feel like i'm walkin' a tight rope without a circus net
poppin' percocet, i'm a nervous wreck
i deserve respect but i work a sweat for this worthless check
i'm 'bout to burst this tec at somebody to reverse this debt
minimum wage got my adrenaline caged
full of venom and rage, 'specially when i'm engaged
and my daughter's down to her last diaper, it's got my ass hyper
i pray that god answers, maybe i'll ask nicer
watchin' ballers while they flossin' in they pathfinders
these overnight stars becomin' autograph-signers
we all long to blow up and leave the past behind us
along with the small fries and average half-pinters
but player-haters turnin' bitch like they have vaginas
'cause we see them dollar signs and let the cash blind us
money'll brainwash you and leave yo' ass mindless
them snakes slither in the grass, spineless
that's rock bottom, when this life makes you mad enough to kill
that's rock bottom, when you want somethin' bad enough to steal
that's rock bottom, when you feel like you've had it up to here
'cause you mad enough to scream, but you sad enough to tear
that's rock bottom, when this life makes you mad enough to kill
that's rock bottom, when you want somethin' bad enough to steal
that's rock bottom, when you feel like you've had it up to here
'cause you mad enough to scream, but you sad enough to tear
my life is full of empty promises and broken dreams
i'm hopin' things look up, but there ain't no job openings
i feel discouraged, hungry and malnourished
livin' in this house with no furnace, unfurnished
and i'm sick of workin' dead-end jobs with lame pay
and i'm tired of bein' hired and fired the same day
but fuck it, if you know the rules to the game, play
'cause when we die, we know we all goin' the same way
'cause it's cool to be the player, but it sucks to be the fan
when all you need is bucks to be the man, plus a luxury sedan
or comfortable and roomy in a 6
but they threw me in the mix with all these gloomy lunatics
who walk around depressed, and smoke a pound of cess a day
and yesterday went by so quick, it seems like it was just today
my daughter wants to throw the ball, but i'm too stressed to play
live half my life and throw the rest away
that's rock bottom, when this life makes you mad enough to kill
that's rock bottom, when you want somethin' bad enough to steal
that's rock bottom, when you feel like you've had it up to here
'cause you mad enough to scream, but you sad enough to tear
that's rock bottom, when this life makes you mad enough to kill
that's rock bottom, when you want somethin' bad enough to steal
that's rock bottom, when you feel like you've had it up to here
'cause you mad enough to scream, but you sad enough to tear
there's people that love me and people that hate me (yup)
but it's the evil that made me
this backstabbin', deceitful and shady (mhm)
i want the money, the women, the fortune and fame
that means i end up burnin' in hell, scorchin' in flame
that means i'm stealin' your checkbook and forgin' your name
this lifetime bliss for eternal torture and pain
'cause right now, i feel like i've just hit the rock bottom
i've got problems, now everybody on my block's got 'em (duh)
i'm screamin' like them two cops when 2pac shot 'em
holdin' two glocks, hope your doors got new locks on 'em
my daughter's feet ain't got no shoes or socks on 'em
and them rings you wearin' look like they got a few rocks on 'em
and while you flaunt 'em
i could be takin' 'em to shops to pawn 'em
i got a couple of rings and a brand-new watch, you want 'em?
'cause i ain't never went gold off one song
i'm runnin' up on someone's lawn with guns drawn
that's rock bottom, when this life makes you mad enough to kill
that's rock bottom, when you want somethin' bad enough to steal
that's rock bottom, when you feel like you've had it up to here
'cause you mad enough to scream, but you sad enough to tear
that's rock bottom, when this life makes you mad enough to kill
that's rock bottom, when you want somethin' bad enough to steal
that's rock bottom, when you feel like you've had it up to here
'cause you mad enough to scream, but you sad enough to tear
that's rock bottom

--- Immortal Technique - You Never Know ---
she was on her way to becomin' a college graduate
wouldn't even stop to talk to the average kid
the type of latina i'd sit and contemplate marriage with
fuck the horse and carriage shit, her love was never for hire
disciplined, intellectual beauty is what i desire
flyer than salma hayek or jennifer lopez
everyone told me, kickin' it to her was hopeless
at first i just thought she didn't mess with broke kids
the thug niggas always talkin' about how they smoke kids
but the rich sniff-coke kids got no play
"i'm not even interested" is what her body language would say
everyone around the way gave up tryin' to get in it
it didn't matter how good your game was, she wasn't with it
on the block, bitches was jealous but wouldn't admit it
talk shit, and deny to everyone that they did it
cause they regretted the long list of niggas that they let hit it
and no one ever gave them shit except mcdonald's and did-dick
smokin' weed, with thoughts of envy whenever they lit it
she spoke intelligently and they bit it, always tryin' to copy
but when they tried to use her vocab they sounded sloppy
she had a style, all her own, respectful and pure
i was sick in the head for her, and there wasn't a cure
don't you know that time waits for no man?
my fate, it's all planned
i'm blessed just to know you
i've loved and i've lost just to hold you all night
can't find a reason why
god came between you and i
and if i had the chance again, i'd never let you go
hold tight to your love, ‘cause you never know
her eyes are brown and beautiful, yet empty and sad
i used to talk to her occasionally, and she was glad
that i wasn't just another nigga tryin' to get in it
so every now and then we'd stop and talk for a minute
i didn't have a gimmick, so the minutes turned to hours
on her birthday i gave her a poem with flowers
then i took her out to dinner after her cousin's baby shower
we talked about power to the people and such
we spent more time together, but it was never enough
i never tried to sneak a touch or even cop a feel
i was too interested in keepin' it real
perfectly honest and complete
she would always call me "cariño" and never technique
bought me a new book to read every two or three weeks
forever changin' the expression of my thoughts when i speak
it was because of her i even deaded all of my freaks
she convinced me to stop hangin' out on the streets
to stop robbin' and stealin' from people like you
instead i took her out to the apollo and the bronx zoo
museo del barrio, and the metropolitan too
got to the point when i was either with her or my crew
so i decided one day to tell her my feelings was true
i couldn't live without her, so i told her, facin' my fears
but honey's only response was a face full of tears
she could only sob hysterically, holdin' me tight
i tried to speak, but she wouldn't stop until i left sight
i felt like a moth who got himself too close to the light
except i didn't burn, i turned cold after that night
don't you know that time waits for no man?
my fate, it's all planned
i'm blessed just to know you
i've loved and i've lost just to hold you all night
can't find a reason why
god came between you and i
and if i had the chance again, i'd never let you go
hold tight to your love, ‘cause you never know
i went on with my life, college and my career
ended up locked up like an animal for a year
where the c.o.'s talk to you like they were the overseer
then i got sent to the hole when my exit was near
at night in my cell, i'd close my eyes and i'd see her
hold her close in my dreams, but when i woke she disappeared
just an empty cell until the state gave me parole
in the summer, came back, intact and on track
but the fact of the matter is i still felt cold
even after my mother hugged me, cryin' at home
my real niggas would catch me thinkin', outta my zone
fuckin' lots of different women, but i still felt alone
relatively well-known around the new york underground
but i kept thinkin' of her and how we used to be down
the sound of her voice, and the beautiful smell of her hair
though gone physically, somehow it was still there
i had to do somethin' because the shit was too much to bear
so i went and visited the building where she used to live
the world looks a lot different after you do a bid
the way your life done changed
while primitive minds are still stuck in the same game
like her cousin who was on the corner, slangin' cocaine
stepped in the lobby, and tapped the button next to her last name
her mom buzzed me up and hugged me up like a mother oughta
but her facial expression changed
when i asked about her daughter
don't you know that time waits for no man?
my fate, it's all planned
i'm blessed just to know you
i've loved and i've lost just to hold you all night
can't find a reason why
god came between you and i
and if i had the chance again, i'd never let you go
hold tight to your love, ‘cause you never know
she told me that there was a note, for me, that was left behind
and she had left it there waitin' for such a long time
i was inclined to ask about it, but she brought it up first
i saw a tear swellin' up in her eye, and then she cursed
she told me where the letter was, and i started thinkin' the worst
reversed my position, stepped over and opened the door
and sure enough there was an envelope
with my name on the floor: "nobody loves you more than me, cariño," is what the letter said
"by the time you get to read this, i'll probably be dead
but when you left in '97, a part of me went to heaven
i thank god at least i got to know what love really was
but it hurt me to see what true love really does
‘cause even though we never made love
you were all that there was
it was because i loved you so much that i had to make you leave
you made me doubt the way i thought
you made me want to believe
and then i slipped up, and i let you get close to me
it was hard to not be openly when people spoke to me
this was not the way i thought my life was supposed to be
baby, don't you see?
i had a blood transfusion that left me with hiv
hope didn't exist for me since late in 1993
i died a virgin, i wish i could've given myself to you
i cried in the hospital because there was no one else but you
promise that you'll meet me in paradise inevitably
no matter what, i'll keep your love forever with me."
what happened for the rest of the day is still a blur
but i remember wishin' that i was dead, instead of her
she was buried on august 3rd
the story ends without a sequel; and now you know why technique don't fuckin' fall in love with people
hold the person that you love closely if they're next to you
the one you love, not the person that'll simply have sex with you
appreciate them to the fullest extent and then beyond
‘cause you never really know what you got until it's gone

--- Brother Ali - Tight Rope ---
(verse 1)
frigid frozen minnesota
chip on his shoulder
sick sleeping on a pissy sofa
unwanted visitor in a different culture
missing home and he can't go they're civil warring
listen solider forget getting over
prison's sitting 'round the corner, homeless is even closer
kids with similar skin color still don't wantcha
spit and insult ya cause they've been here longer
he leave his crib he guaranteed the pigs approach ya
where ya going where ya from any weapons on ya?
your family is stressed out you're getting older
you don't live the way they did back in somalia
its extra difficult to be a daughter
trying to keep it modest with sinners all around you
where the wrong garment your parents get an ulcer
if you wrap it up the other children picking on you
live in two worlds with your eyes closed
tip toeing on a tight rope
holding on for survival
nobody to blame this is just how it goes
live in two worlds with your eyes closed
tip toeing on a tight rope
holding on for survival
nobody to blame this is just how it goes
(verse 2)
holidays and you know what the business is
you get two birthdays and two christmases
older you get you resent how sick it is
they're trying to cover their guilt with the gifts they give
bounce from his house to her house
too bad that marriage didn't work out
now you don't have a your house
daddy fighting mommy they both tell me they love me
if i get to close to one the other one start acting funny
ma went and had a baby with a different dad
you act happy to please em but you are really sad
seeing first hand that family that you will never have
plus you ain't no real brother, you're just a half
got to pick up the pieces and move on
bed time stories and greet them on the phone
live in two houses and neither one is home
wishing you were grown have the freedom to get gone
live in two worlds with your eyes closed
tip toeing on a tight rope
holding on for survival
nobody to blame this is just how it goes
live in two worlds with your eyes closed
tip toeing on a tight rope
holding on for survival
nobody to blame this is just how it goes
(verse 3)
daddy was a preacher, momma was a sunday school teacher
big brother, football squad leader
now far be it for you to disappoint or displease them
your just being what you feel you see in
that mirror every time you peer in
swallow the tears inside that empty feeling
a boy terrified to let the world in
he has girlfriends but doesn't want a girlfriend
he retreats inside himself
where he lives life itself in secret
daddy says people go to hell for being
what he is and he certainly believes him
cause there ain't no flame that can blaze enough
to trump being hated for the way you love
and cry yourself to sleep and hate waking up
its a cold world y'all shame on us
live in two worlds with your eyes closed
tip toeing on a tight rope
holding on for survival
nobody to blame this is just how it goes
live in two worlds with your eyes closed
tip toeing on a tight rope
holding on for survival
nobody to blame this is just how it goes

--- Killer Mike - Reagan ---
our government has a firm policy not to capitulate to terrorist demands. that no-concessions policy remains in force. in spite of the wildly speculative and false stories about arms for hostages and alleged ransom payments, we did not—repeat—did not trade weapons or anything else for hostages, nor will we
the ballot or the bullet, some freedom or some bullshit
will we ever do it big, or just keep settlin' for li'l shit?
we brag on having bread, but none of us are bakers
we all talk having greens, but none of us own acres
if none of us own acres, and none of us grow wheat
then who will feed our people when our people need to eat?
so it seems our people starve from lack of understanding
'cause all we seem to give them is some ballin' and some dancin'
and some talkin' about our car and imaginary mansions
we should be indicted for bullshit we incitin'
sellin' children death and pretendin' it's excitin'
we are advertisements for agony and pain
we exploit the youth, we tell them to join a gang
we tell them dope stories, introduce them to the game
just like oliver north introduced us to cocaine
in the '80s when them bricks came on military planes
a few months ago i told the american people i did not trade arms for hostages. my heart and my best intentions still tell me that's true, but the facts and the evidence tell me it is not
the end of the reagan era, i'm like 'leven, twelve, or
old enough to understand that shit had changed forever
they declared a war on drugs, like a war on terror
but what it really did was let the police terrorize whoever
but mostly black boys, but they would call us "niggas"
and lay us on our belly, while they fingers on they triggers
they boots was on our head, they dogs was on our crotches
and they would beat us up if we had diamonds on our watches
and they would take our drugs and moneys, as they pick our pockets
i guess that that's the privilege of policin' for some profits
but thanks to reaganomics, prison turned to profits
'cause free labor's the cornerstone of us economics
'cause slavery was abolished, unless you are in prison
you think i am bullshittin', then read the 13th amendment
involuntary servitude and slavery it prohibits
that's why they givin' drug offenders time in double digits
ronald reagan was a actor, not at all a factor
just an employee of the country's real masters
just like the bushes, clinton, and obama
just another talking head telling lies on teleprompters
if you don't believe the theory, then argue with this logic
why did reagan and obama both go after gaddafi?
we invaded sovereign soil, going after oil
taking countries is a hobby paid for by the oil lobby
same as in iraq and afghanistan
and ahmadinejad say they coming for iran
they only love the rich, and how they loathe the poor
if i say any more, they might be at my door (shh)
who the fuck is that staring in my window?
doing that surveillance on mr. michael render
i'm dropping off the grid before they pump the lead
i leave you with four words: i'm glad reagan dead
ronald wilson reagan
ronald wilson reagan
ronald (6) wilson (6) reagan (6)
ronald (6) wilson (6) reagan (666)

--- Talib Kweli - Get By ---
yeah
ya know?
yeah
we sell crack to our own out the back of our homes
we smell the musk of the dusk and the crack of the dawn
we go through episodes too, like 
attack of the clones
work 'til we break our back and you hear the crack of the bones
to get by, just to get by
just to get by, just to get by
we commute to computers
spirits stay mute while your egos spread rumors
we survivalists turned to consumers
just to get by, just to get by
just to get by, just to get by
ask him why some people gotta live in a trailer, cuss like a sailor
i paint a picture with the pen like norman mailer
mi abuela raised three daughters all by herself with no help
i think about her struggle and i find the strength in myself
these words melt in my mouth, they hot like the jail cell in the south
before my nigga cor' bailed me out
to get by, just to get by
just to get by, just to get by
we do or die like bed-stuy
see the red sky out the window of the red-eye
let the lead fly on some g. rap shit, livin' to let die
now this morning, i woke up
feelin' brand new, i jumped up
feelin' my highs and my lows and my soul
and my goal's just to stop smokin' and stop drinkin'
and i've been thinkin', i've got my reasons
just to get by, just to get by
just to get by, just to get by
by, by-by-by-by, by-by-by-by
by-by-by-by, by-by-by-by
just to get by, just to get by
just to get by, just to get by
by, by-by-by-by, by-by-by-by
by-by-by-by, by-by-by-by
just to get by, just to get by
just to get by, hey, hey
we keep it gangsta, say "fo' shizzle", "fo' sheezy" and stay crunk
it's easy to pull a breezy, smoke trees and we stay drunk
yo, our activism attackin' the system, the blacks and latins in prison
numbers have risen, they victims lackin' the vision
shit, and all they got is rappin' to listen to
i let 'em know we missin' you, the love is unconditional
even when the condition is critical, when the livin' is miserable
your position is pivotal, i ain't bullshittin' you
now, why would i lie? just to get by?
just to get by, we get fly
the tv got us reachin' for stars
not the ones between venus and mars
the ones that be readin' for parts
some people get breast enhancements and penis enlargers
saturday sinners, sunday morning at the feet of the father
they need somethin' to rely on, we get high on all types of drug
when all you really need is love
to get by, just to get by
just to get by, just to get by
our parents sing like john lennon, imagine all the people watch
we rock like paul mccartney, from now until the last beatle drop, what?
this morning, i woke up
feelin' brand new, i jumped up
feelin' my highs and my lows and my soul
and my goal's just to stop smokin' and stop drinkin'
and i've been thinkin', i've got my reasons
just to get by, just to get by
just to get by, just to get by
yo-yo-yo, yo, yo
some people cry and some people try
just to get by, for a piece of the pie
we love to eat and get high, we deceive and we lie
and we keepin' it fly, y-y-y-yo, yo
when the people decide to keep a disguise
can't see they eyes, see the evil inside
but there's people you find, strong or feeble in mind
i stay readin' the signs, y-y-y-yo, yo, yo
some people cry and some people try
just to get by, for a piece of the pie
we love to eat and get high, we deceive and we lie
and we keepin' it fly, y-y-y-yo, yo
when the people decide to keep a disguise
can't see they eyes, see the evil inside
but there's people you find, strong or feeble in mind
i stay readin' the signs, y-y-y-yo, yo
as long as somebody's feelin' it, that's what's up

--- Mos Def - Mathematics ---
bucka-bucka-bucka-bucka-bucka-bucka, haha!
you know the deal, it's just me, yo
beats by su-preemo for all of my people, negroes and latinos
and even the gringos
yo, check it
1 for charlie hustle, 2 for steady rock
3 for the forthcomin' live future shock
it's 5 dimensions, 6 senses
7 firmaments of heaven and hell
8 million stories to tell
9 planets faithfully keepin' orbit, with the probable 10th
the universe expands length
the body of my text possess extra strength
power-lift the powerless up out of this 
towering inferno
my ink so hot, it burn through the journal
i'm blacker than midnight on broadway & myrtle
hip-hop passed all your tall social hurdles
like the nationwide projects-prison-industry complex
working-class poor — better keep your alarm set
streets too loud to ever hear freedom ring
say evacuate your sleep, it's dangerous to dream
for cha-ching, cats get the *cha-pow!* – you dead now
killing fields need blood to graze the cash cow
it's a numbers game, but shit don't add up somehow
like i got 16 to 32 bars to rock it
but only 15% of profits ever see my pockets
like $69 billion in the last 20 years
spent on national defense, but folks still live in fear
like nearly half of america's largest cities is one-quarter black
that's why they gave ricky ross all the crack
16 ounces to a pound, 20 more to a ki'
a 5 minute sentence hearing and you no longer free
40% of americans own a cell phone
so they can hear everythin' that you say when you ain't home
i guess michael jackson was right — "you are not alone"
rock your hardhat, black, 'cause you in the terrordome
full of hard niggas, large niggas, dice-tumblers
young teens and prison greens facin' life numbers
crack mothers, crack babies, and aids patients
youngbloods can't spell, but they could rock you at playstation
this new math is whippin' motherfuckers' ass
you wanna know how to rhyme? you better learn how to add
it's mathematics
"mighty mos def"
"it's simple mathematics"
"check it out"
"i revolve around science"
"what are we talking about here?"
"mighty mos def"
"it's simple mathematics"
"check it out"
"i revolve around science"
"what are we talking about here?"
"do your math" – "do your math"
"1! 2! 3! 4!"
"what are we talking about here?"
yo, it's 1 universal law, but 2 sides to every story
3 strikes and you biddin' for life, mandatory
4 mc's murdered in the last 4 years
i ain't tryin' to be the 5th when the millennium is here
yo, it's 6 million ways to die from the 7 deadly thrills
8-year-olds gettin' found with 9mils
it's 10pm, where your seeds at? what's the deal?
he on the hill pumpin' crills, to keep they bellies filled
light in the ass with heavy steel, sights on the pretty shit in life
young soldiers tryin' to earn they next stripe
when the average minimum wage is $5.15
you best believe you gotta find a new grind to get cream
the white unemployment rate is nearly more than triple for black
some front-liners got they gun in your back
bubblin' crack, jewel theft, and robbery to combat poverty
and end up in the global jail economy
stiffer stipulations attached to each sentence
budget cutbacks, but increased police presence
and even if you get out of prison still livin' –
join the other 5 million under state supervision
this is bidness; no faces, just lines and statistics
from your phone, your zip code, to s.s.i. digits
the system break man, child, and women into figures
2 columns for "who is" and "who ain't" niggas
numbers is hard and real, and they never have feelings
but you push too hard, even numbers got limits
why did one straw break the camel's back?
here's the secret — the million other straws underneath it
it's all mathematics
"mighty mos def"
"it's simple mathematics"
"check it out"
"i revolve around science.."
"what are we talking about here?"
"mighty mos def"
"it's simple mathematics"
"check it out"
"i revolve around science.."
"what are we talking about here?"
(mathematics, mathematics, mathematics...)

--- The Roots - What They Do ---
never do what they do, what they do, what they do
never do what they do, what they do, what they do
yo, yo
lost generation, fast-paced nation
world population confront they frustration
the principles of true hip-hop have been forsaken
it's all contractual and about money-makin'
pretend-to-be cats don't seem to know they limitation
exact replication and false representation
you wanna be a man? then stand your own
to emcee require skills, i demand some shown
i let the frauds keep frontin', and roam like a cellular phone
far from home, givin' crowds what they wantin'
official hip-hop consumption, the fifth thumpin'
keepin' your party jumpin' with an original somethin'
yo, i dedicate this to the one-dimensional
no imagination, excuse for perpetration
my man came over and said, "yo, we thought we heard you"
joke's on you — you heard a bitin'-ass crew, but, um...
never do what they do, what they do, what they do
never do what they do, what they do, what they do
thin is the line that run between love and hatred
the game is ill-natured, it's nothin' sacred
a-yo, it's funny what i see some rap niggas do to make it
a few'll blow up, or go as far as they can take it
my nine-to-five is just to hit ya, get the party live
i'm black thought, used to rap for sport
now the rhyme-sayin', rent-payin' life support
i take it very seriously within this industry
it's various crews that try to touch me
but i come with the beautiful things, and i bless the track plushly
around the world, crowds love me from doin' tours
recipient of applause from all of you and yours
creator of original sounds that's in the stores
you take home to absorb, and sweat it out your pores
now, who can stop the music runnin' through these veins?
infinitely go against the grain, that's why my motto is to...
never do what they do, what they do, what they do
never do what they do, what they do, what they do
livin' the life of limos and lights
airplanes and trains, short days and long nights
keyboards and mics, bass chords and drum kicks
and my mental thick, they hit my head like brick
as i embark on a mission, welcomin' to the dark
when i first spark the art's when the listenin' start
open your head wide, and let the thought inside
my style fortified by all of philadelph-i
my delph more stealth than all the wicked wealth-y
mentality undetectable by the naked eye
then i get paid when the record is played
to put it short — "i want it made" like ed, 'nuff said!
then after that, i'm puttin' on my cousin hamed
we let the ladies blend with the dark-skinned thoroughbred
and discover my level is that of no other
and roots crew reign official and true while i'm continuin' to...
never do what they do, what they do, what they do
never do what they do, what they do, what they do
never do what they do, what they do, what they do
never do what they do, what they do, what they do
never do what they do, what they do, what they do
never do what they do, what they do, what they do

--- Common - Dizaster vs. Soul Khan ---
see back then, the goal was musical buzz
"what? you're saying you're above battle rap?"
no, you dumb motherfuckers, i never said that
i just had to pursue what i love
if that's something you view as a snub, that's a you problem
these rounds, diz you really got a jew problem
megaton better come with a new nuke on 'em
throat sores, so i'm goin' michael jordan with the flu on 'em
am i better than this? no
but i'm better than you
not as a battler, listen, i'ma say this
not necessarily not as a battler, but as a person, that's what the evidence proves
when i present it to you
you might pretend it's a ruse
and i intend to confuse
you know what they say about those treacherous jews
i have a question for you
saw you vs iron
shit's brilliant
but now that this jew got next, tell me
how many jew jokes have you got left?
hold on, let me guess; six million?
but let me get back, to reflectin' and building on all that it happened
since i left the field like i was dr. manhattan
i was living off of my rapping
'till i tied the knot, then i got into a tighter spot
then i had to find a job
but
wait, sorry fuck
so diz', a job is a place where you go to make money
like an office or store
you ever seen the office before?
it's like that, but less funny
and then you get a check
you can spend it on your food and ya rent
fuck, i'm doing it again
so diz', rent...
i'll take it slow
see rent is this thing where you know find a place, and you pay money to stay monthly
see, i ain't know if you're aware of it, because you ain't left your parents till your fuckin' late 20s
so according to you, right, on twitter you called me a "manchild"
the audacity!
that you, mister level headed adult
you called me a "manchild" that is damn wild
you were living with your mom and dad while
i was in my own crib, diggin' up dirt on qp for that damn file
back to that iron battle, you know i gotta say
the angle about jews not going to work on 9/11, kinda clever
except you didn't go to work on 9-- ever
see down the line i went through shit
my crew split
as too did my creative drive, my will to stay alive took a huge dip
and my momma got too sick
down to a toothpick
and i stopped makin' music
see the sad thing is diz, you said i tried and i flopped
nah, it was going fine, then i stopped
it was painful, truly
see, i know it sounds sad, but soul is still a 
joker
 though
i ain't talking about the gotham kind
talking like persona 5
that is what i was personified
cause i lost track of all the kind of monsters i had caught inside
especially the one whisperin' to me that i oughta die
so bottom line, there is nothing you can say to me
that is more evil than the shit i used to tell myself all the time
i got out that coma i been frozen lately
i gotta thanks all the homies that could motivate me
even though the road was shaky
like the way dizaster's parents thought it was okay to hold a baby
so now y'all here to see my return to the format
you here to be my personal doormat
hold up
before we go all that
do battle rappers still say dumb shit like "you catch a shell, then you sleep like squirtle and snorlax"?
no, good
well ignore that, fantastic
you know, i respect you diz, because you're willing to give someone the shirt off your back
even when they didn't need it, or were asking you for that
he takes his shirt off all the time
and i know you like to make fun of the way i make apologies
lot of liberals are faker than astrology
i'm not a liberal, i'm a leftist, and the difference is tremendous
and there's one thing i have to say, it's gotta be legit
i am sorry, for every bomb that israel has ever launched at lebanon
they always got a reason and each of them is fucking extra wrong
the idf level houses, you know, bring fiery death on thousands
maybe someone you knew
nah i ain't pushing no button, but, israeli government always said they do it in the name of the jews
this ain't a angle or a gimmick, fuck the haters and the cynics
but i refuse to accept that any jew is protected by doing something so fuckin' hateful to you
on top of all that
and all the while, the west bank has gotten terrorized
every day in gaza's genocide
and america could end it by threatening to ends its ties
but they just always defend it
and the palestinians get left to die
at this point, diz probably thinkin'
this ain't therapy
diz, that ain't fair to me
because i gotta grapple in my disgrace
and my old battles are like your face, they've aged terribly
and to everybody, to all you who suggested; "no sjw stuff"
i've reviewed your request, and, shut the fuck up!
i know they hate it when i do this, but sorry, i'm accountable
so, i am sorry if i have hurt anyone who was marginalized with the words that i'd use
especially cause it doesn't reflect my personal views
i fucked up so much
and that's being accountable
being a fuckin' shithead is not a fuckin' alpha move
and it's like fuckin', and i'm not talkin' about like some light politeness like not talking when ya mouth is full
 i'm the only one reacting
and that's why it's the best line
see what you refer to as political correctness is just giving some respect for a minute or a second, it's forethought
and if you dismiss and reject it
cause you think it's makes you different or you're edgy
you're not
so, what to do?
diz, what are your preferred gender pronouns?
usually say like he, him, his, whatever
so mine are he, him, his
look at how easy that it is
it only takes fuckin' two seconds
but all these anti pc motherfuckers will complain for hours about it
and how pc it is
so let me make the math
there are more than two genders, your eyebrows look like two sweaters
disgustingly huge pairs, fuck tweezers, use nair
i bet the effort it takes to groom is tremendous
if you have one square up there, you'd win at tetris
i mean this in the kindest way
so what happened?
everything that happened after math, i have to ask
should i be scared of you?
or do you only attack me if i dare you to?
diz, diz, c'mon man, are you, wait a second
am i getting this right
will you do anything to anybody dares you to?
are you sure?
challenge accepted
too bad
consent negative, my bad
alright so, jk, you can't be that, don't do that, always say that
anyway so, challenge accepted
diz...i dare you to kiss me
i mean my man
i ain't pausin' shit, i ain't pausin' shit
in 2019, we past pausin'
hold up, hold up
can anyone else do this shit
it ain't scary or risky
go back to the hotel, share some whisky
my girl's okay with it
c'mon tough guy, you gon' kiss me or not?
c'mon! no!
you gon' kiss me
hold on, this the important part
c'mon tough guy, you gon' kiss me or not?
put your money where your mouth iz, king of the dot!
this was his plan to defuse all my shit. is it my turn?
so, no, no man. this is a long round. i'm doing a long round for you! it's for you!
i dare you
i dare to not rap forever and render this unwatchable
i dare you to fight our friend math and not end up in the hospital
i can't fly all the way to see it
in any case, i dare you to make a song that isn't absolute garbage
so you could be an actual artist
instead of pretending to be the rapper you aren't
but...also sir, i gotta say, those braids
they are ridiculous dude
if you hate the culture vultures, you officially lose
you look like a white girl gettin' her groove on a caribbean cruise
but
hold on
diz, is this some sort of style of hair of arabs i'm unaware of?
i mean this shit is you? no, this shit is new
i remember the old days, when your hair used to be
you would see
in a park full of skaters
so many spikes it was like your barber was playing a game of mario maker
if you wanna use sega
your coif is a mess dawg
out there looking like islamic the hedgehog
wait a second though, i'm sensitive to this shit
is that offensive to y'all, or the, you watching at home
cause i felt it was like borderline
sorta like when madness called me jew-pac shalom
which is funny-
diz, my friend is
is it offensive to you diz?
might be a reason to pretend that it is
we both know a secret
you oughta know
let me take you back
i recently remembered
when you and i were at club excess
in a pit like this
doin' shit like this
and
diz was saying, this and that, i wasn't listening
you know what diz is like?
it's a thing
thing, the moment that burned in my memory
is when he turned and he said to me
yo bro, it's funny, i ain't exactly muslim shit
and i was like, what? good lord!
diz, are you telling us?
that through your entire battling career, and you've been battling for years, a third of your life, earning your stripes
you led us to believe that you're muslim, and this whole motherfucking time
you never actually said one
you not exactly, i never was gonna say that
see he says, i never said i was a muslim
but you say it in the battles, not the interviews
but every time the interviewer calls you muslim, you never correct or interrupt him
that's disgusting
don't play, i ain't a bit amused
cause--
i'm an offshoot of islam, that's why
nhhh, yeah that's debatable
but relatable
so
well no i'm talking in your relation on what you do
you misrepresent yourself to your fans and to your opponents
i want them to take themselves back to the moments
and the raps that you told em
using cultural standings that ain't actually holding
are you of the mind that just because racist thinks all arabs are in terror groups
that that makes it fair for you
to uphold the stereotypes of terror too?
what about muslims who aren't arab, dude?
you don't know think south asians and african muslims get hassled at customs?
or that their women in hijabs and burkas are afraid of getting shot and murdered
due to the rise in fucking islamic, anti-islamic fervor?
so he has a rebuttal
i'm sure that shit is subtle
you know a lot of the old jewish lines i had were fucking foolish
but the difference between that and you is
i'm actually fucking jewish
like, this here, was his decision
and now we in this position
you hate the cultures vultures, what are you, a religion pigeon?
i mean obviously
you're arab, so you know the language and the basic protocol
but you faking overall
i guess dizaster is just arabic for rachel dolezal
either way, you lied so these people have no reason to even slightly believe you
or
i have just freed you
to finally be you
diz, do you hear this
do you recognize the scheme
see where i'm trying to lead you
it's soul khan, from the last tribe of the hebrews
listen diz, you can admit it
honestly, you don't wanna do it out loud
and that's just too much to ask though
that's fine
if you're not muslim, just stand here, looking like the world's stupidest asshole
oh damnit, i'm so proud of you
that probably took a lot of you
right?
honestly
i don't wanna do anything more on this verse
but if this contest of a honor, pride and our worth
it's just a motherfucking homicide in the first
but, if that ain't enough
you just get to serve me
i don't give a fuck
cause in 2021, your president is bernie
(diz: you done?)
i could be, hold on
i like you just wobbling back and forth
(diz: c'mon pull something out, c'mon rebuttal something)
no, i don't want to right now
just looking at you like, sorta like, wobbling, yeah go diz, it's your turn
oh it's my turn?
y'all ready for some shit?!
what the fuck was that?
what the fuck was that?
ay trust me, we gon get to the muslim in round 3, but right now
woo!
we gotta address fucking mc dry milk
this ain't a battle, this a race to see which one of us gon' be the first to get this guy killed
me, or his white guilt
fucking soul khan
i'm not the person to step to
yeah, we gon' start off with this because honestly, i'm not here to psychologically test you
i'm here to open up a door, for everybody to get through
just like a west hollywood rest room
if i get mad today, i'mma just say "f you"
instead of wishing death on you, i'ma just wish i never met you
he wants to gender stuff, we can all be men, women too, c'mon
even though y'all don't believe it, a lot of y'all like to pretend to
just like your mom did to fulfill the role of your pops when he left you
left you, without a dope beat to step to
step one: this a battle, i ain't gotta respect you
step two: you only here cause the rent's due
your bitch left you
and the music not bringing the checks through
step three: he couldn't make a return unless he
went against me
the leader of the lgbt
going against a wmd
he's a proud sjw
he's g-l-a-d to be the ceo of a bunch of new groups
a-b-c-d-e-f-g's
the h-i-j-k-l-m-n-o-p's
the q-r-s, the t-u-v's, and don't you forget those x-y-z's
are you fucking kidding me?
you said you quit battle rap, what you back here using us for?
you said you wouldn't return till you had a grammy
you think we forgot the stupid shit you used to say and do from before
you said you was done with this game, you gon make go music and hit the booth and record
i guess it's safe to say he's back with the canadians since america couldn't give this jew no award (juno award)
hold on, hold on
how long you gonna fucking hold on for?
it's been 9 years of you holdin' on
recording songs
we thought you would blow up by now man, what's going on?
why have you not got put on?
i thought you'd have some soul hits by now, but you don't
what a shocker, khan (chaka khan)
i thought brown bag was growin' strong
but now you trying to weasel your way in with us and sneak back in and just roll along
and you want us to welcome you with open arms
like i'm the vulture, pff, like we wouldn't notice you wrong
right now, you walkin' in so many different directions, you like a child outside tryin' to find a pokémon
and this is how all these silver spoon posers are
the moment they don't get what they want, that's the moment they gone
and i stayed here, puttin' in blood, sweat and tears, helping put this culture on
and that will always be the difference between your pros and your cons (khans)
khan you a fuckin' con artist
you know what rhymes with "soul khan"?
(what?)
"this guy spends more time with nancy pelosi than he does with his own mom"
but now he's back, and he's focused on
battle rap, he's back like he never left
returnin' in the era of gun rhymes, pickin' the one guy that could give you punchlines and multis
multiplied by hundred times of deaths, so follow the pattern
cause you ain't getting the one liners yet
fuck a gun rhyme
bring your little anti-gun sign
cause i ain't got a gun
i'm here to contaminate ya bloodline with a rusty knife instead
puncture puncture, slice
make your skull rupture like there was busted waterpipe of lead
gushing by your head
get your onion diced, i'll oven fry your egg
cut and slice your chest
open up ya eye with it
leave it stuck inside your neck
and watch the whole other side go dead like the 
butterfly effect
they put a butter knife against a butterfly knife
this is the different between cookie cutter rhymes and someone who designs lines to be cutting edge
all you got is these lies you spread
you literally talk out the side of your neck
i'm really cut throat
so if you running ya mouth, you'll catch a columbian necktie if i see a tongue comin' out
watch out
you a bum now
i been on my nate dogg shit
watched ya high come down
i became the professor of this campus
you dropped out as a cub scout
since you returned as one of my students, well this could only one route
oh you don't think i'm your teacher huh
well you will when i blaow, have you spittin' your gums out
phluh, now you have a yuck mouth (yukmouth)
you see the signs when the blood starts to come out
speaking of cuttin', you cut ya legacy short
and you pressured to come back in the game cause you're stuck now
and we supposed to welcome you like this successful legend like...
what the fuck? how?
cause he got 3,000,000 views versus qp? fuck, wow
since then, i left that in a dust cloud
while you spent the rest of your career like "50 cent trying to knock another son down."
got so outta touch, he's like al bundy to us now
which means ya battles with madness, fox, deacon, qp would be your four famous touchdowns
fuck outta here, you like the gjonaj of polk high
you wonder why he ain't come down to no actual battles?
he's too busy at the farmer's market tryin' to haggle over free salad samples
he went from being a savage asshole
to hangin' out with 6 foot women who wear versace sandals and have adam's apples
and before we got the horrible, horrible, horrible news that you quit
you can admit, this dude who was sick
he just hasn't, you know, been the same dude ever since they surgically removed his dick
he had a surgeon open up two little slits and fuse a clit made out of a pair of two human lips
on to the passageway where he used to piss
and if you think this is bad, we're lucky he hasn't grew any tits
he's a fuckin' neutered shih tzu with a uterus
used to be a symbol of manhood like mr. bruce but all we got left is this confused little bitch
oops, did i just say the "b" word?
you used to be as ruthless as it gets
now you don't use the word "bitch"?
are you kidding me?
you bitch!
you're the biggest misogynist ever...and you still are
you don't get to change the rules as you wish
you might be able to fool these stupid little new liberal groups that you with
but the beautiful thing about the internet is that it's forever...and google is quick
and youtube is just two little clicks
{click click}
exhibit a:
you once told a dude, "you're useless as a chick without the coochie and the tits"
listen, "useless as a chick without the coochie and the tits"
now i caught some slack for what i said to o'fficial
but i'll be honest, this some futuristic shit!
now this same dude's a feminist? man that's as stupid as it gets
like you callin' people gay for all three of your rounds on all your old youtube clips
and now your excuse for it
is that you grew up since
and you weren't worried about whose kids you were going to influence
or is it truly this?
that your new political views don't fit with the way that you used to spit
so you must've turned vegan too cause all of a sudden you super quick to come to a fruit's defense
god damn man, you too intense
you suffering from self delusion of how you view yourself
staring back at the mirror like, "who is this?"
"who am i?" who is this?"
i'll tell you who
you're the dude who called people "homos" and "queers" for most your career
so if you wanna act like we're the ones that are homophobic here
ehhh that's sorta weird
cause, i used to like you soul khan, at least back then you were more sincere
you once saw two dudes in the distance arguing about who says the word "faggot" more
and you told the dude that was standing next to you, "yo. hold my beer."
he's a fuckin' fruit ninja
the type that no one fears
when he throws a bomb, he throws a bomb
but when the smoke screen clears
he reappears with a picket sign and a pair of pink pointy ears
like, "i'm soul khan. ready to fight this war
standing on the frontline with my big homie michael moore."
soul khan, been a socialist for so long his hands and knees is sore
had sunken cheekbones like a swedish whore
he consumes twitter feeds, he doesn't even eat no more
he's no longer the person he used to be before
just to act as his own manhood he has to speak to it through a ouija board
i am literally raising hell!
and after this you might as well change your name as well
i'ma make you hate yourself
when you leave here you gonna feel the same way you felt when you watch the new dave chappelle
face it, you just outdated
you basic and stale, tryin' to break away from the shell
your music sucks, no one gives a fuck if you sell
so tonight, you gon' be like sheriff hopper
cause you gon' have a tough time puttin' up with this l (el')
i'm an o.g
king of the dot knows there's no show if there's no me
i go o.d
i'm like eleven from stranger things
cause i can even channel my energy to reach the nose bleeds
got me teleporting like a flesh absorbing demogorgon
the best in this sport, i'm forever jordan
the game change, became way colder
caught him slippin' in the range rover
start  with the flamethrower
he wants to ban ak's then fuck it, the shotgun can hit you from way closer
operation roc-a-wear with jay hova
i'll put your brain on your dame's shoulders
awe man, here we go again
{diz puts on groucho glasses and pulls out a folder and starts his soul khan impression}
he said, "brains on my dame's shoulder"
hold on, hold on
that's why guns are bad for you diz'
and any true human will tell you that every firearm leads to a mass school shootin'
listen, hold on, hold on
before i leave any session you know i got a few more lines
yeah, yeah, you will realize and do more time
that people like twork are bad for the community
cause they inspire my precious black youth to do more crime
so if you ever decide to use your tool
fuck you, fuck you
b. dot you cool
fuck you!
when he was in my face, i think, it probably hit me
i was just thinking, wow, has he reconsidered my offer to kiss me?
diz, you're my homie though
but hold it man
and i ain't trying to diss that flag you're wearin'
but i gotta say, it was kinda disorienting, for this dude who's my homie y'all
to talk about pokemon when he literally looks like a fucking pokeball
so, we got this
so, my friend, are you done?
if not, that's cool son
i mean, i was just gonna go make a food run
i get you some
i was gonna cop some jerky, want a slurpee? red or the blue one?
you ain't gotta choose, you want the blue one
how you think this gon' go, 2-1?
lot of people think you gon get 3-0'd
i mean that'd be pretty sweet yo
i mean, cause this shit is something you need for your ego
me though? i be known
for some other shit that you think that we share, but when you compare, we don't
so, who here knows the song 'fahrenheit'?
see cause people can sing along with that
telling me you never feel like you wanted that
honestly diz', you was showing your rectum
if you say you have as close a connection
as i do fans across the entire emotional spectrum
i mean you have laughter, and over-aggression
i'm there for them when they lonely and desperate
or when they're hopeless, hopeful, or breathless
when someone shows them affection
i'm there for them whatever they're living through
whether they're training or in their living room
that's a sense of fulfillment i wish i could give to you
but i can't
but dammit i fucking pity you
i'm not in a battle gonna try to outrap or outflow you
but on a track i will roast you
because you adapt when the pro tools are tracking your vocals
or at least that's what's born out of by some other examples we'll go through
so, namely
you gave your mom a beautiful mother's day freestyle
right?
it was gorgeous
it was written down
that does not make this better what i'm about to say
my friend, you gave your mom a freestyle for mother's day
there had to be another way
i'm talking flowers and cards
instead of powerful bars!
if i was your mom i had wish you were a runaway
and honestly when i started watching it
get really intense body language
gotta be anxious
gotta inching forward like he was gonna pull the straps on her
look like you were about to math hoffa ya damn momma
now, for the record
if i you wanna watch this, i made a shortcut
tinyurl.com/dizmom
alright?
please join with me if you watching at home or later on youtube
because i love my mother too
and i've got time
my friend, we gonna go through all this shit line by line
actual quote diz said to his mom
"you're my sword when i'm swordless"
why in god's name did you record this?
hold on though!
if you're swordless, then your hand or wherever you sheathe it
by definition is not where your sword is
bear with me
if i gotta i break it down, you understand
just switch the metaphor with the shit's that's intended for
you're saying
you're my mom and when i'm momless
which, my mom would be appalled if
she thought i thought that she wanted such incompetent dog shits
the next line is you're my spiritual fountain
spiritual fountain!
i wanna hear all about them
my friend is a spiritual fountain more like a lyrical fountain or a miracle fountain
spiritual fountain
the last line of this, blew my mind with this
you're my breath when i'm drowning
now
when you drown, you lose air
so based on the sequence of the line
and the meaning that's implied
she is not keeping you alive, she is leaving you to die
but honestly, she seems really kind, no disrespect intended to your mom
especially, cause all the shit diz has said, and done
it's amazing diz isn't done
so
can we clap it up for dizaster's mom
now, the next example is a song that's actually your best
if that were case for me, i would be massively impressed
it's called 'don't play me' produced by chase moore
that means the best aspect of a track ain't yours
literally said, i'mma say this real slow for everyone to see
this was written down too, right?
it is? oh c'mon
"i'll strike you with a midas touch and grab your wife and fuck
till the hymen bust open like a fire hydrant wide and fire trucks driving sideways on the highways till i fuck my tires up"
i guess in that fires are chaotic and fuck everything up
but like, now, because i am a masochist and i've got time
we gon' tackle this line by line
hold on
by the way, tinyurl.com/dontplaydiz
oh i forgot, hold on wait a second, you know what rhymes with tinyurl.com/dizmom
diz lied about his bond with islam
okay, so look
back to this this magnum opus
so, "i'll strike you with a midas touch and grab your wife and fuck"
so the touch of midas turn whatever you hold into genuine gold
like it's treasure in a vault
so what you saying is
if someone gave you this incredible ability
you would use it to commit sexual assault
you are a great ambassador for this culture by the way
let's go to this, "till the hymen bust open like a fire hydrant wide and fire trucks"
jesus christ
i guess you're not aware that hymens don't bust, actually kinda tear
even then it's a misconception that's kinda rare
diz, do you know what a hymen looks like
hold on, do you know what a vagina looks like
i see the gears turning
i hear them ears burning
he wants to rebuttal me
like, "of course i've seen a vagina, it's standing right in front of me
auhh
i'm in oakland
now i'm standing over here in oakland"
next line
this the wild shit
"like a fire hydrant wide and fire trucks driving sideways on the highways till i fuck my tires up"
are you the fire truck?
like a transformer?
are you stunt driving like the transporter
are you like some fireman deplorably ignoring his last order
i don't get it diz, the problem is also here is that the wife would also end up gold
right?
story there, somewhat
i can't tell if you're trying to cuckold or fuck gold
and i don't know if this is a minus or plus
but if she's making of gold, the hymen won't bust
and you know, gold, , that's strong material
you know what's not strong material?
ya song material
and that's ya best song, goddammit, it's frustrating
i want to set up a rap camp
and we'll see you this summer
ness can teach you flow
mac can teach you structure
maybe i don't know, i don't know people are new, geechi gotti would be an instructor
to help you not sound like such a geeky motherfucker
but i don't sound that weird
diz, those beautiful braids
when i said you oughta to explore your artistry more
i didn't mean you should cosplay as the guitarist from korn
this is you every time you perform
"to me, you're nothing but a future corpse
if this fragile little jewish dork
even imagines using force
i will luchadore slam his little form
and use him as a tuning fork
no one gives a fuck about the stupid music you perform
i will build you a casket, fill it with padding
just for keeping the acoustics warm
i'm hotter than the human torch
which is actually funny, cause if you were born back in the 20s
in your grandparents' country, you would be a human torched
you are only the goat
because all jews were born
with a pair of hooves and horns"
you want us to think you're destined to kill a man
nah, you look like you stuck between steps in the thriller dance
and you still advance
if i had to change ya name to encapsulate the raid of trash you aggregate it would be edward fillerhands
what was that advice that patrick had told you?
relax, let em go loose
but yet, every time you use your arms, i'm imagining goku at the supermarket examining produce
diz
you always down for unlimited rounds like you solid snake
here's something you should consider now, consolidate
i'm here to marie kondo out your closet space
you have always lived in, but never exist in, an islamic state
you are getting so fucked up that it could become someone's fetish
complete with its own subreddit
i hope that one of my old fans came to oakland and grew up to become medics
cause this level of blood shedding is upsetting
like a pump of unleaded
fuck buttin' heads, i am getting ready to behead him
khan's flow, a.c. cowlings with the bronco
kicking over lawn gnomes
you be dropping n bombs and you ain't got the launch codes
oakland, california, can you hit me with the amen
ay man, sicker than a vape pen
diz be always whining like an infant in his playpen
begging for respect that he's never gonna get, like ricky and his grade 10
for me...nothing you'll ever say is gonna hurt me
cause in 2021, son, the president is bernie
wow, thank god
y'all ready for rapping again?!
now, when soul khan around anyone from the sons, even the lesser ones
it's like he can smell it in the air
earlier today he met brixx belvedere and he was like, "hmmm. i feel like i know you from somewhere."
and brixx was like, "ummm. i don't really-"
he's like, "yeah. i feel like i do. i feel like i know you from somewhere before."
and brixx was like, "okay, okay man. i'm not with the sons anymore."
"ah ha! i caught you. now feel the wrath as the lightening strikes down
if conceited don't wanna battle me, fuck it brixx i'll battle your right now!"
bernie, bernie, bernie
this fuckin' pacifist, passive aggressive attitude obviously isn't workin'
cause bro all you do is judge people and talk about politics
and if you think that's okay that's obviously a problem you need to solve first then
cause it's probably no worse than
somebody who spends all of his time absorbing other people's opinions online
to the point they actually forget to be their own person
he introduces himself as, "hi i'm a socialist."
why don't you say, "i'm noah" first then, help us help you discover your core version?
cause even though you lost as fuck, i don't gotta be up here with you soul searchin'
i can't even find you, there's no person
you used to be merciless, no mercy, then went cold turkey, no cursin'
even ripped up the old verses where he wrote cursive
fell flat on his back then returned to the old circuit
lookin' so nervous, feelin' more worthless
shaking below surface
it's unfortunate when you decide to put the word "soul" in your name and find out you ain't got a soul or a sole (soul) purpose
it's over
it's not even at the end of the show and it's closed curtains
i'ma put him in a bag and zip him up
cause i'm focused now, so if one of these little guys in the crowd try to interrupt
i don't give a fuck
listen, i came here to rip you up
if this is your hero then i must really be a heel cause i'm only a couple inches away from having soul (sole) lifted up
you a baby chihuahua bitch boy
which means, you bark like you big and tough
but you really just a little pup
and you ain't ready for the final level of contra bitch, your heart's not big enough
yeah, he wants to protest against the guns
"bernie"
but go ahead i don't need one
long blade split down the middle but the edge is rough
i'll fuckin', i'll fuckin', i'll fuckin'
i'll slice under the belly and give him a little nip and tuck
i'll create a new move called "the sitting duck"
i'll vertically swing it up
and knock the lash off his eyeball before he can even blink it once
you think i give a fuck?
you think i give a fuck if the crew's filming us?
yeah, put this on film and just
rearrange your facial features on camera and twist ya little pixels up
i'll completely ruin your definition and get to slicing and get to edit stuff
and finish up with {slicing sound}
i call that, "the director's cut"
and guess what
(what?)
it still isn't enough!
i gotta send it back to the blacksmith so he can sharpen the ridges and add the finishing touch
bing
now it's welded smooth and it's extra new
i call it, "the confession booth" cause it'll make you spill your guts
you fuckin' little bitch
i.e.d. in the building
underneath your feet i'll blow this whole building up
you wouldn't survive the blast if you rolled up here with the same armor on as gizmoduck
bitch, all you got is the 1/2, 1/2 simple punch
recycled puns, played out ones
same typical order
cliché fat joke
cliché race joke
and he doesn't even think of the jokes, he's an internet quoter
this is literally the billy crystal of windows explorer
but you're more of a nerd with a mental disorder
which makes you joaquin phoenix cause you not even the original joker
bitch, you know what you are?
ha, he said he makes music, you a shitty performer
you a little fuckin' leftist libby little sissy new yorker
you a dime a dozen hipster
making his songs with his little rhythms on his mini recorder
then transfers them into his home studio through his mini controller
you think i give a fuck about being a political soldier or a registered voter?
you right bitch i'm  from the mountains of the 
yeah, and i'ma go out smokin' in the middle of a forest gettin' lit like christopher dorner
you talkin' to someone who's really been in a war
i have crossed the syrian border
versus someone who speaks on our shit like a distant reporter
like, "oh no. those kids got hit by a mortar...
well vote for bernie and he'll pass that executive order."
fuck bernie sanders!
you a fuckin' hypocrite
fresco-
actually i like bernie
but the point is, you a hypocrite
you- this is someone who literally told fresco he was gay cause he was into yoga
then nine years later he goes on queenzflip and tells him that he's into yoga
i don't know if it's me or him or he's trying to undo every line he's ever said
you went from accusing people of being homosexual for slightly wearing their pants tight around their legs
to letting a grown man help you put your own legs behind your head
yeah man, you're some type of tough rapper
all that learning how to do pilates and shit, there can only be one answer
he's trying to learn how to become more flexible
so the next time he becomes depressed over trump, he can curl up in a ball that much faster
"fuck trump!"
"fuck dizaster!"
he's an activist for the poor
democrat pamphlets on the board
so i showed up to his house cause i was curious, what was all this activism for
soon as i got to his front steps i was greeted by two buff ass tomboys with their arms crossed standing at the door
they said, "what's the password?"
i said, "faggot"
one of them raised their hands like this and said, "you now have access to the floor."
i said, "thanks, but i'm not going in."
"well why not?"
i said, "cause this is kinda, sorta, really not my thing."
"wait a minute. are you a homophobe?"
"homoph- nah, i love gay people."
that's when the other one said, "that's it! i've had enough of your shit man! you need to leave bro."
and that's when i said, "bro?...you just assumed my gender!"
"well yeah. you're totally a bro man."
i was like, "what?! i'm not a woman. i'm not in-between and i'm not a man."
"well what are you then?"
i said, "i'm a- a- i identify as a plant!
i said a plant!"
"but bro you can't!"
i said, "wait a minute. are you a plant-aphobe?"
"plant-aphobe? aw, aw nah. we're totally not plantaphobes, we love plants."
i said, "well then you will address me as that
do you understand?
"actually. i do understand
like, like how you're going through self expression
like a vegan going through depression. i totally can dig it man
i mean plant! i mean plant! fuck i mean plant. sorry."
that's what it's like dealing with you idiots
i mean plant!
god fuckin' damn
goddamn i forgot the part
i gotta freestyle now
you not a real jew
i didn't have no jew bars until now
you don't rock a fedora
wait, you not a real jew you rock a fedora
you not a real jew you don't follow the torah
you got led lightbulbs in your home you don't got no menorah
you not from jerusalem, you from eastside sodom and gomorrah
and over there you control the set
speaking of gomorrah (gamora), i'm marveled at how your personalities both connect
when i walk you off close to the ledge and watch you drop onto the rocks over the edge
what you don't get it?
i'ma have soul stone'd to death
bitch, we been on our grizzly while you overslept
a fuckin' california bear who's been in the new york zoo for so long he became a domesticated home owner's pet
that shit you was cryin' on blogs you was supposed to get?
i stayed here and got those enormous checks
cause i kept on workin', wakin' up in cold sweats
workin' on these words, learnin' how to make more metaphors connect
while you got a legacy that's a rolodex of homophobic insults to the most effect
you spit shit that your political views don't reflect
but you've grown up since
you've changed now, you're not a sexist, you quit it
like you would let a racist white guy tell you, "you know what? i'm no longer racist and you gon' let me get away with it."
you a fuckin' hypocrite, contradict yourself in every statement you make
you just too fake to admit it
cause you're really a closet fuckin' racist and that's why you got so many regrets
and the difference between me and you is i had a clean conscious when i said it
you understand me?
this guy got nothin' but basic linguistics, he's way too simplistic
he gave up and quit
jeffrey epstein, it's clear he was never able to hang to begin with
aw shit, this shit is painful
he gon' get a face full of stitches
paid in full shit
yeah, i'ma get creative with this
you think i hate you cause of your race?
y'all are the chosen ones, man
an old generation that's bathing in riches
i'm just mad at you cause you're the only jew that hasn't created a business
how scary is this?
my race angles are very vicious
i can put an end to a conversation with a jew with two words; "merry christmas"
i fear like there's gotta be an explanation of the actual definition of hypocrisy
so, a hypocrite is someone who says one thing and does different shit
whereas i changed my entire life so your criticism doesn't apply
and here's another thing that you should regard quick
i didn't flop like i said, i quit music for a while
you're a terribly listener, no wonder your music is garbage
you think i'm a bigger geek than you
my friend, you're an anime obsessed fucking weeaboo
i heard that got married, congratulations
do you call her your waifu?
like the awkwardest white dude
did you propose to her with cherry blossoms and haiku's
if it weren't for the fact that she probably wipes you
i'd say, she probably feels like she got a 9th grader
when she asks you to clean the bathroom, and you're like, "you mean the hyperbolic time chamber?"
what about the sex?
is it hotter when you roleplay
as inuyasha and kagome
now, do you think diz is ever domestically violent?
heck no
i'd say he never try it
and every time him and his wife get into a fight, she finds a way to let go
while you go in your basement and write her name in the death note
diz talks about the streets, he isn't from there
he's from our neighborhood, where the hot topic is that hot topic was replaced by pacific sunwear
and the fact that you share a zip code with  just goes to show
you ain't naturally large, you just actually scarred
and have low impulse control
are you okay man? you're doing okay, you'll get through with it
and that's why your parents are afraid you'll share the fate of sharon tate
so every black friend of dizaster is a professional actor that his parents paid to scare him straight
it's not working i think
i have a question
they probably bail you out of all sorts of stupid shit that you do
so
it is, i'mma have to ask you, are you actually cool with?
the fact that you supported trump and therefore backed a political movement that doesn't actually consider black people a human?
you okay man? you look so upset
so i'll say this
leupold good snooze, he's falling asleep, falling asleep, okay cool
i heard your guns are lethal, popping with them tools
correction, all your guns are legal, officer approved
'cause ain't nothing more gangster than following the rules
something that i noticed, when you first  around, you didn't spit gun bars a lot when you came into the circuit
how was it?
crafting them, waiting till they were perfect
did you wanna hone them even more, wait till you deserved it
i got it now, you ain't spit gun bars cause you were waiting for a permit
very responsible of you
you always like to say that americans have rights
correction, america always has arabs in its sights
america has rights, no america has kids in cages terrorized by ice
i'm telling you and asking you, man to man
go talk about american rights to the tombstone of sandra bland
you're a new husband, some day a prospective father
talk about american rights to the grandkids and kids of eric garner
diz, i agree that in many ways, clinton would've been a evil killer
but the communities i work with, are truly getting hurt diz
and a lot of it is because that motherfucker stephen miller
who is it?
oh golly shit man, stephen miller, the opponent by the guy you voted for
and i know you changed your mind, but you can't change your time
it's kinda weird right now, it fucks me up a little bit
i know this ain't your typical wordplay, work day
but it's a little disturbing you ain't know who stephen miller is, but you probably know like piccolo's birthday
see, i have changed, diz
it's proof, you don't agree cause you don't believe in evolution
no, like you don't actually believe in evolution
like the theory of charles darwin
the theory of evolution
you don't believe in evolution, it's the reason that we're human
but i do remember you have a thing for schrödinger's cat
well the man schrödinger that, conceived it and concluded it that even he fucking believed in evolution
you know what rhymes with schrödinger too?
he was inspired by einstein, socialist jew
diz, what you gonna do if battle rap vanishes
alright, what you gonna do
where would you shift in your life
i mean real deal is a educator
ooops was a legislator
fuck, what are you?
{dizaster whispers: "a detonator"}
a son of privilege riding on a golden escalator with the social skills of a 2nd grader?
my man, you need to find something, to shift your life
i still got music, just started again, 
let me give you some advice
find a mission that might not pay a lot but make you feel like you got skin in the fight
hell, keep talkin' about socialism, maybe you could join our organization dsa
come with us on this journey
cause in 2021, i know you  about this, the president is bernie
alright man that was cool...jesus christ
i don't mean no offense by that by the way
see cracking jokes and laughing is fine
but let's get back to the stats and the actual signs
your total impact on battle rap is 12,000,000 views you have racked up online
in comparison i have 13,000,000 on one battle so technically one match up of mine
has more views on it than all your battles combined
yeah, you have the battle in mind, but it's the cancerous kind
the type that thinks, "hmm. all these battlers are doin' is just passin' their time
but if they can't use this to boost their music then that can't get no shine."
'til someone shows him a picture of tsu surf and he takes off his glasses, "hmmm. i can't really see that. i'm actually blind."
and this is how he was actin' when he was back in his prime
i want you guys to try to imagine what he would've acted like if he actually got signed
"i'm soul khan and all you mc's are peasants!"
let that sink in for a second
and tell me this dude here is on my level
when he hasn't even shown y'all enough love or wrote enough history
and i still say this to little bro respectfully
a two year stretch is like bill bellemy, that's a joke of a legacy
so whether he, do or don't have any respect for me
in the end, i'm still considered the legend on every top ten you see
if you even say the word "battle rap" my resume alone will force you to mention me
i'm memorable because of my work ethic, of course they remember me
the respect we have for you is only present because we as a culture selfishly kept you alive in our collective memories
because besides that you haven't done anything
you're prevalent cause we make your relevant and that's a closed case and a no brainer like jf kennedy
i'll bet you a dead president half of these people forgot your name
but for our sake, for our sake
{soul khan starts laughing}
oh don't laugh, cause yeah, it's okay
they probably forgot your name
but we still gotta give you a little star on battle rap's walk of fame
just not on hollywood boulevard, yours would be laid down on memory lane
and that's the realest shit anybody's ever wrote about you
cause you wanna be this voice for the people but your body of work don't add up to what you socially amount to
i got my crown jewels cause i show and prove strictly off ground moves
while you got a status quo that exists merely cause the people around you
subjectively gave it it's value
don't you get it? without us, you don't have you
and without me, they don't have views
so without this battle the fans lose
and if you ever question who i am to this scene, i'm everything bitch, that's who!
and you the little jokey jokey kid, who only poses a risk (wrist) when he poses like this
uh oh, i think he's forming a flip
he's about to channel the inner charron from his dick
he makes jokes about himself cause that's his only defense
but what kind of lack of testosterone is this?
he's gon' become some kind of leftist hollywood director
i can see it now, workin' on his own little script
relaunching new episodes: soul khan presents: zena the warrior prince
this guy went from a full blown chauvinist to an emotional bitch
look i understand that you regret being so homophobic but you need to get over it quick
don't be like jussie smollett now and beat yourself up over this shit
because of course you're not homophobic bro, we know that
cause you're really gay in secret
last time you passed out at a frat house they drew a dick on your forehead while you were sleepin'
and the first thing you said when you woke up and peeped it
was..."i'ma keep it."
so that's all you had? the little homophobic kiss me angle you was gonna come back with?
 the offer still stands
to cover up the fact that you were consistently callin' people "homo" as one of your habits
you wanna know something bro? you know what's really gay?
when they asked you if you had love for battle rap still and you answered back with, "i don't know if i've ever had it."
soul khan in our world, that's the definition of a {beep}
of course he gets no passes
if he recycles he should be judged like all the mc's
he said, "oh, i don't know if i can catch up on these battles to know if i'm reusing a bar or a scheme."
but that's the point dummy, it's pretty much a logical thing
you wouldn't have to watch 1,000,000 battles in a row if you actively cared enough to still be a part of the scene
but, you wouldn't have to catch up if you were here
that's what makes you a foreigner but what does all of this mean?
it means you failed as a battle rapper and you failed to go mainstream
so now you this lost underground backpacker that's caught in-between
wanting to make bars or do a song where you sing
so soul khan you'll always be a man of many willy wonka hats but you'll never be the boss of one thing
so tell me, what you planning to do with all this you self deprecating jew apologist?
i know you're reformed now but to me you're every "isist" and "ologist" there probably is
you made a living off of calling people "fruit balls"
you're basically a rupaul-ogist
all these things make it all too obvious
khan is a true communist
but this is americana, and what khan insists on don't make no kinda sense
we on some reconnaissance
you know who my gang is khan, don't make me genghis khan your shit
death by a thousand cuts, i'll leave him with all kinds of body slits
when the katina leaves cuts in him deep as the mariana trench
i'm fast as mayweather, you may die now quick
pull up on him, maradona kick
i'll dangle you from a cedar tree like a pinata then bat you with a fuckin' hockey stick
and keep beatin' your body with it until the candy (w)rapper that's inside of you eventually falls out of it
i fucking {beep beep beep} take a fuckin' time bomb and shove it down your esophagus
have you coughing up blobs of phosphorus
since you're a narcissist you shouldn't have a problem when someone makes you swallow your own confidence
i'll curb stomp this erin brockovitch lookin' nerd
off of his high horse then drag him by force from his nerdy ass little work offices
i'll put him in a dirt plot, put the earth on top of it
i could put him in a box or a bag but this what he gon' earn (urn) off of this
a fermented body in a reserved spot in a fully furbished german sarcophagus
this is the most violent socialist inside your metropolis
he wants to strike over politics
ready to riot outside the white house in washington
getting into a dildo fight with milo yiannopoulos
he said if it wasn't for the music he might've destroyed all of us
pssst, well let's look at the ergonomics and purpose of this worthless comment
your verses has always been full of meaningless words
so no one gives a fuck about your new learning process
we never got to see the work in progress
i'm a murderous terminologist
a wordsmith and a workaholic
you a dirty socialist that never earned shit but feel like you deserve a profit
capital one, tell me what's in your wallet
you said you can't focus on battle rap cause music is your obligation
well let's contemplate on khan's template
let's spend a moment in a world of khan's creations
his ancestors used to get fucked up in concentration camps
but he stays with a camp that fucks up his concentration
if you ask me, i think khan is in his own constellation
his concept is so convoluted and drawn far outta context
that for me it's confirmation, if they ever held a nomination, who had the best content
that khan verse (converse) wouldn't even be in the conversation
who does name flips like that?
how many concerts has khan conducted?
how many projects has he conjured up or khan constructed?
i'll tell y'all...nothing!
so of course he gonna talk about my accomplishments
i fucked up a lot of times, those were the hands i was dealt
but you aspire to battle people like aspire
so naturally you'll never understand how battling someone like canibus or cassidy felt
because you packed up and left, only to return like kim kardashian and make an ass out yourself
cause what you say? "i'm done. there's no battlers left."
but a real battle rapper doesn't beg for no hand outs or never asks for no help
i'm the man because i became a man that can stand by himself
and you here cause you battling dizaster, that's it, you don't have nothing else
i'm on a different level, i single handedly branded myself
i shouldn't even have to meddle (metal) with these little pussies like a chastity belt
i'm glad i came down to oakland to give him this ass whippin'
he just panders to the crowd, acts like he cares about black culture
he just usin' black culture to push him, he drops one line about civil rights and the whole crowd overlooks him
but if you really believe the whites were gentrifying your city you would've moved yourself the fuck outta brooklyn
you are literally an invader on a black man's turf
and you're jewish which makes it that much worse
literally, you're the problem you're trying to take out
and it's the same way back in the day, the grindtime situation played out
you say, "r.i.p. ph", but when he alive you did him like a two faced snake
lucky for you back then the little dirt never came out
but i got the info and then some
how he was helping you get some battles back when you couldn't even get your shit done
he was giving you views, helping you build them back up when you couldn't get none
he even gave you cortez, that was your biggest name back then
he matched you against him
and then as soon as the opportunity to battle on url comes
you left him hanging on his next event, you bailed out and you ditched him
a straight sucker from the maze runner, i wanna see you climb your way outta this one
man, ain't no safe house or escape routes, i'm pulling out the big guns, the big ones
the type to make elizabeth warren and adam schiff run
ak's with the twin drums
i call 'em "soul crushers"  scope on top
your dome gettin' popped
i put soul in a box like ghostbusters
y'all remember ghostbusters?
dan aykroyd, bill murray, when they trapped slimmer in that little box in the beginnin'?
he's like, "no. i prefer the ghostbusters version where they casted the women."
of course soul khan
and i like women, i love women a lot
but what type of women are you talking about?
the ones that take photos for king of the dot?
whoa, it looks like we're going straight to the source
oh well, i guess soul khan is only here now because he's going through a really rough divorce
and it's funny because, he come in here like he has this master plan
oh, but y'all don't understand this fam'
that no matter how you slice it, we lookin' at a queenless person, this is half a man
he's a- half of the king he used to be, he has half of his throne
half of his belongings and only half of what he owns
so you can talk about my marriage, i'm happily married, i don't have a problem letting that shit be known
i'd rather be that than this fuckin' depressed little fuckin' bachelor that doesn't have a home
behind this fuckin' feminist curtain there's a man that's sad and alone
he wanted to make all the women in the world happy but he couldn't even make his own woman happy at home
and she gone now
ain't no tellin' what ya ex-bitch might do
he said he wants to be a black man for the activist
he just mad his white ass found out his wife does too
but hold on to hope soul khan your dreams might come true
if she really your soul mate
then wait nine years and maybe she'll make a comeback just like you
and he thought i was gonna have 6,000,000 jew jokes like i was gonna talk about hitler
when he's wasted ten years of his life with a photographer chick and he still doesn't get the picture
or maybe he does, and the rest is just numb
cause the relationship dipped into a dark room and eventually developed into a negative one
rumor is, after you got married, you stopped battling cause she didn't let you
which is ironic cause your timing of coming back is soon as she left you
you need to face the music, she left you naked and made you look stupid
but hey, in a way she was perfect for you cause she ended up walking away from the ring the same way that you did
that shit is oh so cold
she walked in and she told you go
i don't know man, it sounds like she signed a record deal or something cause that chick really sold her soul
maybe it's because you're always going on about trump
trump this, trump that
trump he did this
republican that
government that, government this
always up in somebody's mix
to the point he left no attention to the special someone he's with
what part of this doesn't he get?
your wife left you because of this shit
probably had enough of you running your lip
then she's probably out there right now aggressively suckin' some republican's dick
and that's just the hypothetical, here's where we cause the most damage
i'm really sorry about this ammo cause this shit gon' get volcanic
cause it's ahh kinda ahh, i kinda heard before she wanted to be with you she wanted to be with organik
oh man, and that's the bro travis
when he asked you for this battle, he was like, "bro have it."
same way he answered you when you asked about her
he was like, "bro have it."
oh man, oh fuckin' dammit
i don't even like getting this personal, these are your tactics
you the one that brought up qp's baby mama
his son, his child support and his taxes
you the fuckin' one that brought up sandusky versus rone cause you felt like it would be so savage
you the one that brought up real deal's son in not one, but multiple matches
so spare me this victim bullshit, cause your karma here is solely from the role that you practice
now onto our parents
you know how mad i get when people talk about my parents
oh man
oh man
now, what about our parents bro?
huh? what about our parents?
my mom....is a math teacher
and your mom is a librarian
 clerk
librarian clerk
but why are we comparing them?
because women teachers? they queens, they deserve all the praise
minimum wage they deserve all the raise
they the most underappreciated in a way
then comes your mom
sitting behind a desk, stamping books, twiddling her thumbs all day
a library clerk, that's why her son came out into books like a nerd
that's where the mother/son similarities occur
cause my mother is a math teacher...and i came out to be a math teacher just like her
now hold on
let me talk about my dad since everybody wants to talk about him
my father's dad passed away when my dad was only 19
alright? his name was bachir just like me
he had three younger brothers, and a little sister
so now forced to raise them on his own, he had no chance but to look for a bigger picture
in 1976, my pops saved up and bought his first car
had it on top of the hill, just parked on it, and that's when the civil war got started
a dude named michel aoun and the christian armed forces dropped a bomb on it
now when i say "christian", y'all assume that i'm muslim, right?
but i'm druze, i'm not muslim
but i loved them, they my brothers
but back then, we was in a holy land grab over religion
a world driven by sectarianism
you wouldn't the meaning of a fucked up system
the people where i'm from will die to live where you live in
to eat the food that you eat to sip the water you drink
and that's the reason you saw me protesting
but since you a spoiled little american brat
i'ma explain america to you through my eyes to teach you this lesson
now let's go back to the 70's where i left you in that last scene
where michel aoun blew up my father's car in front of our house in baakleen
now this is where he knew he had to leave if he was to expand the family tree
but life there was lookin' hopeless
so the only place that could've gave us this life was the land of the free
this is why i love america
because my dad came here to build a path just for me
and after that, he went bankrupt and we moved permanently
those next eight years would make me everything that i am
in the street, playing soccer, bare feet, kickin' the can
in the fuckin' mud 'til the sun came down, shit that really turned a kid to a man
but that was when you were in woodland hills with this little gameboy in ya hand
so you wouldn't really understand would you?
yeah, cause all we had was to be able to go out and play
but as lebanese kids we were taught to be appreciative that in a way
even though all we had was cold showers most of the time and four hours of electricity during the day
i lived through this shit
and through the rest of my settlement, my country would be going through this development
now listen, you remember how i said the dude that blew up my dad's car in the first segment?
okay, this is why the whole thing is relevant
this is the reason i said the shit
cause that same person, 30 years later has now been elected as our president
we're talking about somebody who's a political war criminal who executed thousands by his hand
he's killed everything i love and that's the reason i wave this flag
you hate the president of america because i understand
his policies make you mad
he's a goof, i know, the tweets make you sad
but guess what
i hate my president because he fuckin' broke up half my nation and damn near took away my dad
and listen, this is real shit
they wanna start a holy war with muslims, druze and christians
but i will never go back to the ways that are old tradition
i would rather go over there and die with them then fight with them
those are my brothers those are my sisters
i look at them like they my children
now listen, i understand there's inequality here towards blacks in this system
that has nothing to do with him
i don't care how he sees the views if they've never been used against him
so for what it's worth, you right, i'm not muslim
i am druze, alright?
do you know what that means?
that means we are under walid jumblatt, we are socialist by birth
that means, i can tell you firsthand that we're supposed to be the most peaceful people on earth
i mean, we're supposed to be peaceful at birth
but if you push us we can be some of the most fuckin' violent people on earth
and the point being, is that you're a fuckin' wanna-be socialist
you don't know what you're screwing with
socialism is in my fucking bloodline and i want nothing to do with it
because i know first hand bro
trust me, i've lived under this socialist government shit
i'll tell you first hand that nothing gets fixed
the garbage doesn't even get picked up, no one gives a fuck about shit
but you wouldn't understand because you an inexperienced, uncultured son of a bitch
this ain't about the joke you living or the votes you gettin' in the real world people carry guns then die over socialism
you want us to live in this global prison
where we take orders from these fuckin' old tradition senior citizens
that are four times older than him
so the main point, you ain't never been through nothing like this
and go back to what we were saying on our parents
alright? this is what it means to be a lebanese-american
it's the journey it's where we came from and where our parents been
so since you think you gon' talk about my parents i'ma use my own parents to embarrass him
back to when we was talkin' about your mom being a librarian
but let's go to your dad now
you heard my dad's story, oh you ready
you heard my pop's story, his struggle was hard
he came here and turned an emotional scar and made himself to a star
and i'm following in his footsteps
which proves your pops is always a reflection of who you are
but what about your dad?
 he was a piece of shit
well he was a lawyer, and that could be respected
but then what happened? he lost his bar
and became an unemployed fucking loser taking business calls from his car
wait a minute, that's not all
he was a musician like you, he wanted to top the charts
he thought it'd go far
hibbity har har har
and just like you, i doubt you'll make a career out of this ever
since you're admitting he's a shitty role model, then let me spend the rest of this to teach you how to do better
your pops at 19 got a deal with capitol records
compared to what happened to my dad at 19 that's substantially better
like way better
but then what happened?
he got dropped before he could put out any records
and he was being managed by phil spector!
like- that's the beatles manager, like how fuckin' bad can you be
like this is where your fuckin' personalities connect accurately
because you both went to new york to become the man you could be
i guess it's true what they say, the big apple doesn't fall far from the family tree
aw man, everything about you is what makes you such a lame ass loser
i'm too advanced
this like a cave man with his tools to a space man with a computer
a space man with a computer-
wait a minute
fuck it, you wanna know what the fuckin' joke was about?
so who guessed the riddle i was putting out?
lucy, a drug dealer with a hangover
coco, you plus me equals...human
cousins, caesar
what are these names of?
evolution, primates
so to clear up the confusion
this about to be rebuttaled to everything he just said about the evolution
now, first of all, on the evolutionary chart
our most common oldest ancestor on earth would be lucy
now lucy, is our oldest ancestor
technically, like a human fused with an animal
by battle rap standards, that would be the beginning for us; juice vs. supernatural
now most of our class, evolved from that
those are the ancestors that both connect us
and then there's you on the evolutionary chart
outta nowhere with the gay jokes
you would be...you would be homoerectus
now the anatomy of homoerectus...anatomy wise they were flat and small
they were loud, they had tiny hands, they were small
they had no balls and that was all
they thrived during the grindtime era, pay attention
this is gonna get crazy
they thrived during the grindtime era
along with the emergence of a new group of hominids
those were called the neanderthals
the grindtime white guys
predominantly white, they felt like they had it all
they came into the game as giants which allowed them to stand up tall
but eventually their lack of culture will allow them to succumb to a massive fall
which predicated the rise of the cro magnon man
we're movin' along the chart
the cro magnon man, in our standards that would be the url rapper, the chrome magnum man
now ironically enough, this the first man to use the tools
and everything was cool
but eventually they couldn't come up with anything new
and they hit the ceiling limit of their genetic pool
then comes the final transformation into today's modern homosapiens
me
lux, mook, pat, illmac, the saurus, ice, goodz, shine
people that been here for generations
and most of them branched way out through these changes
including me, i went through every single one of these evolutionary changes
hold wait, that's why i got it down to a mathematic perfection
cause now i'm giving you a timeline which is an accurate projection of where we had this connection
and where we last left off at the last intersection
cause you had no battles left, so it threw a monkey wrench in what was then your rapid progression
which then lead you to get wiped out by natural selection
do i know about evolution? maybe
now, this is where you learn something new here
cause evolution ain't the only thing that i can do
we almost done, i need you to focus with me we're waaay past half way here, we're almost at the end
we at the end, we way past half way here
i'm gonna need some crowd participation, are you guys awake here?
{crowd cheers}
alright, pull out your phones right now
and trust me, i got all day, i could stay here
google "infinite monkey"
tell me what that say here
"a monkey hitting keys at random on a typewriter keyboard for infinite about of time will surely complete works of william shakespeare
william shakespeare
ooh, that's another picture i put out, the sixth clue
they say if a infinite amount of monkeys type on an infinite amount of typewriters in an infinite amount of universes
they should be able to replicate the work of shakespeare
but later on this theory would disprove itself
and actually say that, for that to be possible the probability of it is the closest number to zero
and this is why me and  you will never be equal
this is what separates us from monkeys as people
because you see, even if you took a million, trillion infinite soul khans in a trillion trillion universes
you will never be able to truly replicate the truest purpose of this human's verses
and that's why i made this
to let you know that you could never reach me
i became an advanced being in this and you will always be that fuckin' monkey underneath me
pussy
time!

--- Black Star - Respiration ---
"what'd you do last night?"
"we did, umm, two whole cars
it was me, dez, and mean three, right?
and on the first car, in small letters, it said 'all you see is'
and then, you know, big, big, you know, some block silver letters
that said 'crime in the city', right?"
"it just took up the whole car?"
"yeah, yeah, it was a whole car and shit..."
escúchela, la ciudad respirando
escúchela, la ciudad respirando
escúchela, la ciudad respirando
escúchela...
the new moon rode high in the crown of the metropolis
shinin', like "who on top of this?"
people was tusslin', arguin' and bustlin'
gangstas of gotham hardcore hustlin'
i'm wrestlin' with words and ideas
my ears is pricked, seekin' what will transmit
the scribes can apply the transcript
yo! this ain't no time where the usual is suitable
tonight alive, let's describe the inscrutable
the indisputable (what!)
we new york, the narcotics, draped in metal and fiber optics
where mercenaries is paid to trade hot stock tips for profits
thirsty criminals sic pockets
hard knuckles on the second hands of working-class watches
skyscrapers is colossus, the cost of livin' is preposterous
stay alive? you pay or die, no options
no batman and robin
can't tell between the cops and the robbers
they both partners, they all heartless, with no conscience
back streets stay darkened
while unbeliever hearts stay hardened
my eagle talons stay sharpened, like city lights stay throbbin'
you either make your way or stay sobbin'
the shiny apple is bruised but sweet
and if you choose to eat, you could lose your teeth, many crews retreat
nightly news repeat who got shot down and locked down
spotlight the savages, nasdaq averages
my narrative rose to explain this existence
amidst the harbor lights which remain in the distance
so much on my mind that i can't recline
blastin' holes in the night 'til she bled sunshine
breathe in
 — inhale vapors from bright stars that shine
breathe out
 — weed smoke retrace the skyline
heard the bass ride out like an ancient mating call
i can't take it, y'all! i can feel the city breathin'
chest heavin', against the flesh of the evenin'
the sigh before we die like the last train leavin'
breathin' in deep city breaths, sittin' on shitty steps
we stoop to new lows, hell froze the night the city slept
the beast crept through concrete jungles
communicatin' with one another and ghetto birds
where waters fall from the hydrants to the gutters
the beast walk the beats, but the beats we be makin'
you on the wrong side of the track, lookin' visibly shaken
takin' them plungers, plungin' to death that's painted by the numbers
with krylon applied pressure
cats is playin' god, but havin' children by a lesser baby mother
but fuck it! we played against each other like puppets
swearin' you got pull
when the only pull you got is the wool over your eyes
gettin' knowledge in jail like a blessin' in disguise
look in the skies for god, what you see besides the smog
is broken dreams flyin' away on the wings of the obscene
thoughts that people put in the air
places where you could get murdered over a glare
but everythin' is fair
it's a paradox we call reality
so keepin' it real will make you a casualty of abnormal normality
killers born naturally like mickey and mallory
not knowin' the ways will get you capped like an nba salary
some cats be emceein' to illustrate what we be seein'
hard to be a spiritual being when shit is shakin' what you believe in
for trees to grow in brooklyn, seeds need to be planted
i'm askin' if y'all feel me, and the crowd left me stranded
my blood pressure boiled and rose
these new york niggas actin' spoiled at shows
to the winners, the spoils go
i take the l, transfer to the 2, head to the gates
new york life type trife, the roman empire state
so much on my mind, i just can't recline
blastin' holes in the night 'til she bled sunshine
breathe in — inhale vapors from bright stars that shine
breathe out
 — weed smoke retrace the skyline
yo, don't the bass ride out like an ancient mating call? i can't take it, y'all! i can feel the city breathin'
chest heavin', against the flesh of the evenin'
the sigh before we die like the last train leavin'
¡escuchela... respirando como yo…
ojos sinceros, escondiendo pena y temor…
el silencio de mentira, tocando al hogar escapando sentimientos entre ella y yo…
yo, on the amen corner i stood, lookin' at my former hood
felt the spirit in the wind, knew my friend was gone for good
threw dirt on the casket, the hurt, i couldn't mask it
mixin' down emotions, struggle i hadn't mastered
i choreograph seven steps to heaven (what?)
in hell, waitin' to exhale and make the bread leaven
veteran of a cold war; it's chica-i-go for
what i know or what's known
so some days i take the bus home, just to touch home
from the crib, i spend months gone
sat by the window with a clutched dome
listenin' to shorties cuss long
young girls with weak minds but they butt strong
tried to call or at least beep the lord but didn't have a touch-tone
it's a dog-eat-dog world, you gotta mush on
some of this land i must own
outta the city, they want us gone
tearin' down the 'jects, creatin' plush homes
my circumstance is between cabrini and love jones
surrounded by hate, yet i love home
asked my guy how he thought travelin' the world sound
found it hard to imagine he hadn't been past downtown
it's deep, i heard the city breathe in its sleep
of reality i touch, but for me it's hard to keep
deep, i heard my man breathe in his sleep
of reality i touch, but for me it's hard to keep
so much on my mind, i just can't recline
blastin' holes in the night 'til she bled sunshine
breathe in — inhale vapors from bright stars that shine
breathe out
 — weed smoke retrace the skyline
yo, how the bass ride out like an ancient mating call? i can't take it, y'all! i can feel the city breathin'
chest heavin', against the flesh of the evenin'
kiss the odds goodbye (peace), i'm on the last train leavin'

--- Pharoahe Monch - Simon Says ---
uh-uh, uh-uh, uh-uh
uh-uh, uh-uh, uh
uh-uh, uh-uh, uh-uh
uh-uh, uh-uh, ahh
get the fuck up
simon says, "get the fuck up"
throw your hands in the sky (buck-buck-buck-buck-buck)
queens is in the back sipping 'gnac, y'all, what's up?
girls, rub on your titties (yeah)
yeah, i said it, rub on your titties
new york city gritty committee pity the fool
that act shitty in the midst of the calm, the witty
y'all know the name (uh)
pharoahe fuckin' monch, ain't a damn thing changed (uh)
you all up in ya range and shit, inebriated (uh-huh)
strayed from your original plan, you deviated
i alleviated the pain with long-term goals
took my underground loot, without the gold
you sold platinum 'round the world, i sold wood in the hood
but when i'm in the street and shit, it's all good
i'm soon to motivate a room, control the game like tomb raider
rock, clock dollars, flip tips like a waiter
block shots, style's greater, let my lyrics anoint
if you holding up the wall, then you missin' the point
get the fuck up
simon says, "get the fuck up"
put your hands to the sky (buck-buck-buck-buck-buck)
brooklyn in the back shooting craps now, what's up?
girlies, rub on your titties (yeah)
yeah, fuck it, i said rub on your titties
new york city gritty committee pity the fool
that act shitty in the midst of the calm, the witty
yo, where you at? (yo, where you at?) uptown, let me see 'em
notorious for the six-fives and the bms
heads give you beef, you put 'em in the mausoleum
and shit don't start pumping 'til after 12 p.m. 
uh, ignorant minds, i free 'em
if you tired of the same old everyday, you will agree i'm
the most obligated, hard and r-rated
slated to be the best, i must confess, the star made it
some might even say this song is sexist-es
'cause i asked the girls to rub on their breast-eses
whether you're riding the train or a lexus-es
this is for either or rollies or timex-eses
wicked like exorcist, this is the joint
you holding up the wall then you missing the point
get the fuck up
simon says, "get the fuck up"
throw your hands in the sky (buck-buck-buck-buck-buck)
the bronx is in the back shooting craps now, what's up?
girls, rub on your titties (yeah)
i said, rub on your titties
new york city gritty committee pity the fool
that act shitty in the midst of the calm, the witty
new jeruz (get the fuck up)
shaolin, yeah (get the fuck up)
long isle, c'mon (get the fuck up)
worldwide, c'mon, c'mon (get the fuck up)

--- De La Soul - Stakes Is High ---
vibe, vibrations
stakes is high
you know them stakes is high
when we talkin' 'bout the vibe, vibrations
stakes is high
you know them stakes is high
we be talkin' 'bout vibe, vibrations
stakes is high
you know them stakes is high
the instamatic focal point bringin' damage to your borough (uh-huh)
be some brothers from the east with them beats that be thorough
got the solar gravitation, so i'm bound to pull it
i gets down like brothers are found duckin' from bullets (word)
gun control means usin' both hands in my land (yeah)
where it's all about the cautious livin' (uh-huh)
migratin' to a higher form of consequence
compliments of strugglin' that shouldn't be notable
man, every word i say should be a hip-hop quotable
i'm sick of bitches shakin' asses
i'm sick of talkin' 'bout blunts, sick of versace glasses
sick of slang, sick of half-ass awards shows
sick of name-brand clothes (word)
sick of r&b bitches over bullshit tracks (heard)
cocaine and crack, which brings sickness to blacks
sick of swoll'-head rappers with they sickenin' raps
clappers of gats, makin' the whole sick world collapse
the facts are gettin' sicker, even sicker, perhaps (sicker, perhaps)
i stickabush to make a bundle to escape this synapse
man, life can get all up in your ass, baby, you better work it out (haha, haha)
now let me tell you what it's all about (uh-huh)
a skin not considered equal
a meteor has more right than my people
who be wastin' time screamin' who they've hated (word)
that's why the native tongues has officially been reinstated
vibe, vibrations
yeah
stakes is high (higher than high)
you know them stakes is high (higher than high)
when we talkin' 'bout vibe, vibrations
stakes is high (higher than high)
y'all know them stakes is high
when we dealin' with the vibe, vibrations
stakes is high
man, them stakes is high (ayo, what about that love?)
yo, it's about love of cars, love of funds
lovin' to love mad sex, lovin' to love guns
love for opposite, love for fame and wealth
love for the fact of no longer lovin' yourself, kid (uh-huh)
we livin' in them days of the man-made craze where every aspect is vivid (word)
these brothers no longer talk shit, ayo, these niggas live it
'bout to give it to you 24/7 on the microphone
plug one translatin' the zone (plug one, plug one, y'all)
no offense to a player, but, yo, i don't play
nigga take offense, fuck it, got to be that way (what's up? what's up? what's up?)
jd dove, show your love, what you got to say?
i say g's are makin' figures at a high regard
and niggas dyin' for it nowadays ain't odd (it ain't odd)
investin' in fantasies and not god (what?)
welcome to reality, see, times is hard
people try to snatch the credit, but can't claim the card
showin' out in videos, sayin' they costarred (ayo)
see, shit like that'll make your mama cry (yeah)
better watch the way you spend it 'cause the stakes is high (word up)
you know them stakes is high (uh-huh)
when you're dealin' with the vibe, vibrations
stakes is high (come on)
man, them stakes is high (check it)
i think that smilin' in public is against the law (what?)
'cause love don't get you through life no more
it's who you know and, "how you, son?"
and how you gettin' in, and who the man holdin' heat, yo
and how was the skins, and how high
yo, what up, huh? i heard you caught a body
seem like every man and woman shared a life with john gotti
but they ain't organized
mixin' crimes with life enzymes
takin' the big scalp route
and niggas know doubt better than they know they daughters and they sons (oh, boy)
yo, people go through pain and still don't gain
positive contact, just like my main man
who got others cleanin' up his physical and fluids (uh-huh)
his mind got congested, he got the nine and blew it
neighborhoods are now hoods 'cause nobody's neighbors
just animals survivin' with that animal behavior (damn)
under i who be rhymin' from dark to light sky (sky)
experiments where needles and skin connect (yeah)
no wonder where we live is called the projects
when them stakes is high, you damn sure try
to do anything to get the piece of the pie
electrify, even die for the cash
but at last, you be out even though you wantin' more
this issue is closed like an elevator door
but soon reopened once we get to the next floor, where the (what's that? uh, the—)
vibe, vibrations
stakes is high (higher than high)
you know them stakes is high
when you dealin' with the vibe, vibrations
stakes is high (higher than high)
stakes is high (come on)
vibe, vibrations

--- A Tribe Called Quest - Can I Kick It? ---
can i kick it? (yes, you can!)
can i kick it? (yes, you can!)
can i kick it? (yes, you can!)
can i kick it? (yes, you can!)
can i kick it? (yes, you can!)
can i kick it? (yes, you can!)
can i kick it? (yes, you can!)
well, i'm gone (go on then!)
can i kick it? to all the people who can quest like a tribe does
before this, did you really know what live was?
comprehend to the track, for it's why cuz
gettin measures on the tip of the vibe buzz
rock and roll to the beat of the funk fuzz
wipe your feet really good on the rhythm rug
if you feel the urge to freak, do the jitterbug
come and spread your arms if you really need a hug
afrocentric living is a big shrug
a life filled with (fun), that's what i love
a lower plateau is what we're above
if you diss us, we won't even think of
will nipper the doggy give a big shove?
this rhythm really fits like a snug glove
like a box of positives it's a plus, love
as the tribe flies high like a dove
(can i kick it?)
can i kick it? (yes, you can!)
can i kick it? (yes, you can!)
can i kick it? (yes, you can!)
can i kick it? (yes, you can!)
can i kick it? (yes, you can!)
can i kick it? (yes, you can!)
can i kick it? (yes, you can!)
well, i'm gone (go on then!)
can i kick it? to my tribe that flows in layers
right now, phife is a poem sayer
at times, i'm a studio conveyor
mr. dinkins, would you please be my mayor?
you'll be doing us a really big favor
boy this track really has a lot of flavor
when it comes to rhythms, quest is your savior
follow us for the funky behavior
make a note on the rhythm we gave ya
feel free, drop your pants, check your ha-ir
do you like the garments that we wear?
i instruct you to be the obeyer
a rhythm recipe that you'll savor
doesn't matter if you're minor or major
yes, the tribe of the game we're the player
as you inhale like a breath of fresh air
(can i kick it?)

--- Public Enemy - Fight the Power ---
yet our best-trained, best-educated, best-equipped, best-prepared troops refuse to fight
matter of fact, it's safe to say that they would rather switch than fight
1989
 the number, another summer (get down)
sound of the funky drummer
music hittin' your heart 'cause i know you got soul
brothers and sisters
 (hey, hey)
listen if you're missin', y'all
swingin' while i'm singin' (hey), givin' what you're gettin'
knowin' what i know and while the black band's sweatin'
and the rhythm-rhyme rollin'
got to give us what we want (uh)
gotta give us what we need (hey, haha, hey)
our freedom of speech is freedom of death
we've got to fight the powers that be
(let me hear you say)
fight the power (let me hear you—)
fight the power (let me hear you say)
fight the power (let me hear you—)
fight the power (let me hear you say)
fight the power
 (let me hear you—)
fight the power (let me hear you say)
fight the power (let me hear you—)
we've got to fight the powers that be
as the rhythm's designed to bounce, what counts
is that the rhyme's designed to fill your mind
now that you've realized the pride's arrived
we got to pump the stuff to make you tough
from the heart, it's a start, a work of art
to revolutionize, make a change, nothing's strange
people, people,
 we are the same
no, we're not the same 'cause we don't know the game
what we need is awareness, we can't get careless
you say, "what is this?"
my beloved, let's get down to business, mental self-defensive fitness
bum-rush the show
you got to go for what you know
to make everybody see
in order to fight the powers that be
(let me hear you say)
fight the power (let me hear you—)
fight the power (let me hear you say)
fight the power (let me hear you—)
fight the power (let me hear you say)
fight the power (let me hear you—)
fight the power (let me hear you say)
fight the power
 (let me hear you—)
we've got to fight the powers that be
(let me hear you say)
fight the power (let me hear you—)
(let me hear you say)
fight the power (let me hear you—)
fight the power (let me hear you say)
fight the power
 (let me hear you—)
fight the power (let me hear you say)
fight the power (let me hear you—)
we've got to fight the powers that be
elvis was a hero to most, but he—
elvis was a hero to most—
elvis was a hero to most, but he never meant— to me
you see, straight-out racist, that sucker was simple and plain
mother**** him and john wayne
'cause i'm black and i'm proud, i'm ready, i'm hyped, plus, i'm amped
most of my heroes don't appear on no stamps
sample a look back, you look and find nothing
but rednecks for four hundreds years if you check
"don't worry be happy"
 was a number-one jam
damn, if i say it, you can slap me right here
get it, let's get this party started right
right on, come on
what we got to say?
power to the people, no delay
make everybody see
in order to fight the powers that be
fight the power
fight the power
fight the power
fight the power
we've got to fight the powers that be
what we got to say? (yeah)
fight the power (y-y-yeah)
what we got to say? (yeah)
fight the power (come on)
what we got to say? (yeah)
fight the power (y-y-yeah)
what we got to say? (yeah)
fight the power (come on)
yo, check this out, man
okay, talk to me about the future of public enemy
the future of public enemy got a—

--- Run-D.M.C. - It’s Tricky ---
this speech is my recital, i think it's very vital
to rock a rhyme that's right on time, "it's tricky" is the title (here we go)
it's tricky to rock a rhyme, to rock a rhyme that's right on time, it's tricky
it's tricky, 
tricky
, tricky, 
tricky
it's tricky to rock a rhyme, to rock a rhyme that's right on time, it's tricky
tr-tr-tr-tricky, 
tricky
, tricky
i met this little girlie, her hair was kind of curly
went to her house and bust her out, i had to leave real early
these girls are really sleazy, all they just say is, "please me"
or spend some time and rock a rhyme, i said, "it's not that easy"
it's tricky to rock a rhyme, to rock a rhyme that's right on time, it's tricky
 (how is it d?)
it's tricky, 
tricky
, tricky, 
tricky
it's tricky to rock a rhyme, to rock a rhyme that's right on time, it's tricky
tricky, tricky, tricky
in new york, the people talk and try to make us rhyme
they really hawk, but we just walk because we have no time
and in the city, it's a pity 'cause we just can't hide
tinted windows don't mean nothin', they know who's inside
it's tricky to rock a rhyme, to rock a rhyme that's right on time, it's tricky
 (how is it d?)
tricky, 
tricky
, tricky, 
tricky
it's tricky to rock a rhyme, to rock a rhyme that's right on time, it's tricky
tricky, 
tricky
, tricky, 
tricky
, 
huh
when i wake up, people take up mostly all of my time
i'm not singin', phone keep ringin' 'cause i make up a rhyme
i'm not braggin', people naggin' 'cause they think i'm a star
always tearin' what i'm wearin', i think they're goin' too far
a girl named carol follows darryl every gig we play
then d dissed her and dismissed her, now she's jockin' jay
i ain't lyin', girls be cryin' 'cause i'm on tv
they even bother my poor father 'cause he's down with me
it's tricky to rock a rhyme, to rock a rhyme that's right on time, it's tricky
 (how is it?)
tricky, 
tricky
, tricky, 
tricky
it's tricky to rock a rhyme, to rock a rhyme that's right on time, it's tricky
tr-tr-tr-tr-tricky, tr-tr-tr-tr-tr-tr-tr
we are not thugs, 
we don't use drugs
, but you assume 
on your own
they offer coke 
and lots of dope
, but we just leave it alone
it's like that, y'all, y'all, but we don't quit
you keep on rock shock 'cause this is it

--- LL Cool J - Mama Said Knock You Out ---
c'mon, man
and with the local dbc news
ll cool j with a triumphant comeback
word (but tonight—)
don't call it a comeback, i been here for years
i'm rocking my peers, putting suckas in fear
making the tears rain down like a monsoon
listen to the bass go boom
explosions, overpowering
over the competition, i'm towering
wrecking shop when i drop
these lyrics that'll make you call the cops
don't you dare stare, you better move
don't ever compare
me to the rest that'll all get sliced and diced
competition's paying the price
i'm gonna knock you out (huh)
mama said knock you out (huh)
i'm gonna knock you out (huh)
mama said knock you out (huh)
i'm gonna knock you out (huh)
mama said knock you out (huh)
i'm gonna knock you out (huh)
mama said knock you out (huh)
don't you call this a regular jam
i'm gonna rock this land
i'm gonna take this itty-bitty world by storm
and i'm just getting warm
just like muhammad ali, they called him cassius
watch me bash this beat like a skull
that you know i had beef with
why do you riff with me? the maniac psycho
and when i pull out my jammy get ready 'cause it might go blaow
how ya like me now?
the ripper will not allow
you to get with, mr. smith, don't riff
listen to my gear shift
i'm blasting, outlasting
kinda like shaft, so you could say i'm shafting
olde english filled my mind
and i came up with a funky rhyme
i'm gonna knock you out (huh)
mama said knock you out (huh)
i'm gonna knock you out (huh)
mama said knock you out (huh)
i'm gonna knock you out (huh)
mama said knock you out (huh)
i'm gonna knock you out (huh)
mama said knock you out (huh), breakdown
gangster boogie, gangster boogie
gangster boogie, gangster boogie
gangster boogie, gangster boogie
 (yeah)
gangster boogie, gangster boogie
 (yeah)
gangster boogie, gangster boogie
gangster boogie, gangster boogie
gangster boogie, gangster boogie
 (uh)
gangster boogie, gangster boogie
 (huh)
shadow boxing when i heard you on the radio
uh, i just don't know
what made you forget that i was raw?
but now i got a new tour
i'm going insane
starting the hurricane, releasing pain
letting you know that you can't gain
i maintain unless ya say my name
ripping, killing, digging and drilling a hole
pass the ol' gold
i'm gonna knock you out (huh)
mama said knock you out (huh)
i'm gonna knock you out (huh)
mama said knock you out (huh)
i'm gonna knock you out (huh)
mama said knock you out (huh)
i'm gonna knock you out (huh)
mama said knock you out (huh)
shotgun blasts are heard
when i rip and kill at will
the man of the hour, tower of power
i'll devour
i'm gonna tie you up and let you
understand that i'm not your average man
when i got a jammy in my hand
damn
ooh, listen to the way i slay
your crew
damage, uh, damage, uh
damage, uh, damage
destruction, terror, and mayhem
pass me a sissy-soft sucka, i'll slay him
farmers (what?) farmers (what?)
i'm ready (we ready)
i think i'm gonna bomb a town (get down)
don't you never, ever, pull my lever
'cause i explode
and my nine is easy to load
i gotta thank god
'cause he gave me the strength to rock hard
knock you out
mama said knock you out (huh)
i'm gonna knock you out (huh)
mama said knock you out (huh)
i'm gonna knock you out (huh)
mama said knock you out (huh)
i'm gonna knock you out (huh)
mama said knock you out (huh)
gangster boogie, gangster boogie
 (damn)
gangster boogie, gangster boogie
gangster boogie, gangster boogie
gangster boogie, gangster boogie
gangster boogie, gangster boogie
gangster boogie, gangster boogie
gangster boogie, gangster boogie
gangster boogie, gangster boogie
they all fell
they all—
the— they all fell
they all fell
i excel— they all fell
i excel— they all fell
i excel— they all fell
i excel

--- Ice-T - 6 ‘N the Mornin’ ---
six in the morning, police at my door
fresh adidas squeak across the bathroom floor
out my back window i make my escape
didn't even get a chance to grab my old-school tape
mad with no music, but happy 'cause free
and the streets to a player is the place to be
got a knot in my pocket weighing at least a grand
gold on my neck, my pistols close at hand
i'm a self-made monster of the city streets
remotely controlled by hard hip-hop beats
but just living in the city is a serious task
didn't know what the cops wanted, didn't have time to ask
word
seen my homeboys cooling way, way out
told 'em 'bout my morning cold bugged 'em out
shot a little dice till my knees got sore
kicked around some stories 'bout the night before
posse to the corner where the fly girls chill
threw action at some freaks until one bitch got ill
she started acting silly, simply would not quit
called us all punk pussies, said we all weren't shit
as we walked over to her, ho continued to speak
so we beat the bitch down in the goddamn street
but just living in the city is a serious task
bitch didn't know what hit her, didn't have time to ask
word
continued clocking freaks with immense posterior
rolling in a blazer with a louis interior
solid gold, the ride was raw
bust a left turn, was on crenshaw
sean-e-sean was the driver, known to give freaks hell
had a beeper goin' off like a high-school bell
looked in the mirror, what did we see?
fucking blue lights: l.a.p.d
pigs searched our car, their day was made
found an uzi, forty-four and a hand grenade
threw us in the county high-power block
no freaks to see, no beats to rock
didn't want trouble, but the shit must fly
squabbled with this sucker, shanked him in the eye
but just living in the county is a serious task
nigga didn't know what happened, didn't have time to ask
word
back on the streets after five and a deuce
seven years later, but still had the juice
my homeboy hen gee put me up the track
told me e's rolling villain, bj's got the sack
bruce is a giant, nat c's clocking dough
be-bop's a pimp, my old freak's a ho
the batter-rams rolling, rocks are the thing
life has no meaning and money is king
then he looked at me slowly and hen had to grin
he said, "man, you out early, we thought you got ten"
opened his safe, kicked me down with cold cash
knew i would get busy, he didn't waste time to ask
word
i bought a benz with the money, the rest went on clothes
went to the strip, started pimping the hoes
my hair had grew long on my seven year stay
and when i got it done, on my shoulders it lay
hard from the joint, but fly to my heart
i didn't want trouble, but the shit had to start
out with my crew, some punks got loud
shotgun blasts echoed through the crowd
six punks hit, two punks died
all casualties was applied to their side
human lives has to pass just for talking much trash
we didn't know who they were, no one had time to ask
word
swat-team leader yelled, "hit the floor"
reached in my pocket, pulled my forty-four
dove across the room, peeped out the window
twenty cops jumped behind a pinto
out the backdoor like some damn track stars
broke down an alley, jumped into a car
suckers didn't even see us, they musta been blind
black wire touched red, the car was mine
we hadn't done nothing but some suckers got shot
hit the first turn, goddamn road block
broke through the block and we did it fast
cops woulda shot us on sight, they wouldn'ta took time to ask
word
the rollers gave chase at a serious speed
one more conviction was all i need
this shit was for real, it was no "la-di-da-di"
'cause the boys had to pin the shit on somebody
and me and my crew, we were known to get ill
we carried heat for protection but not to kill
we bust a corner doing sixty, one police car spun
and all i was thinking was, murder one
bust a move into an alley and did it right
and me and my crew, we're gone into the night
broke to my old lady's, who drew me a bath
she didn't even know what happened, didn't care, didn't ask
word
we made love like crazy on top of the sheets
this girlie was my worlie, a natural freak
she ran her tongue over each and every part of me
then she rocked my amadeus while i watched tv
a technician with a mission, that's what she was
if there had been a crowd she would've got an applause
this girl did everything on earth to me that could be done
then she backed off and teased me so i couldn't cum
then she cold got stupid, pushed me on the floor
had me begging to stop while i was screaming for more
after she waxed my body, she let me crash
she knew her loving was def, she didn't waste time to ask
word
up the next morning, feeling good as hell
sleeping with a girlie sure beats a cell
hit the boulevard in my amg
ho's catching whiplash, trying to glimpse the t
ring on my mobile, yes, cellular
got to have a phone when i'm in my car
was my homeboy red, some say he's insane
broke his bitch jaw for smoking 'caine
told me to meet him at the airport
said he's jumping bail, said he just left court
caught the first thing smoking in a serious dash
didn't know where we was going, didn't care, didn't ask
word
fell asleep on the plane and so did he, woke up chilling in n.y.c
called up my posse when i got there
hit the latin quarter and union square
rooftop devil's nest, the rest we passed
back-door'd the palladium just for class
about 4 a.m. we crashed the deuce
we never catch static 'cause my boys got juice
deuced it to the bronx to rest our heads
where a shoot-out jumped off, nine people lay dead
it sounded like it happened with a mac-10 blast
but it was 6 in the morning, we didn't wake up to ask
word

--- Geto Boys - Mind Playing Tricks On Me ---
i sit alone in my four-cornered room
starin' at candles
oh, that shit is on?
let me drop some shit like this here, real smooth
at night i can't sleep, i toss and turn
candlesticks in the dark, visions of bodies bein' burned
four walls just starin' at a nigga
i'm paranoid, sleepin' with my finger on the trigger
my mother's always stressin' i ain't livin' right
but i ain't goin' out without a fight
see, every time my eyes close i start sweatin', and blood starts comin' out my nose
is somebody watchin' the ak'?
but i don't know who it is, so i'm watchin' my back
i can see him when i'm deep in the covers
when i awake i don't see the motherfucker
he owns a black hat like i own
a black suit and a cane like my own
some might say, "take a chill, b."
but fuck that shit, there's a nigga tryna kill me
i'm poppin' in the clip when the wind blows, every twenty seconds got me peepin' out my window
investigatin' the joint for traps
checkin' my telephone for taps
i'm starin' at the woman on the corner
it's fucked up when your mind's playin' tricks on ya
i make big money, i drive big cars, everybody know me; it's like i'm a movie star
but late at night, somethin' ain't right, i feel i'm bein' tailed by the same sucker's headlights
is it that fool that i ran off the block?
or is it that nigga last week that i shot?
or is it the one i beat for 5,000 dollars?
thought he had 'caine, but it was gold medal flour
reached under my seat, grabbed my popper for the suckers
ain't no use to me lyin', i was scareder than a motherfucker
hooked a left into popeye's and bailed out quick
if it's goin' down, let's get this shit over with
here they come, just like i figured, i got my hand on the motherfuckin' trigger
what i saw'll make your ass start gigglin', three blind, crippled and crazy senior citizens
i live by the sword
i take my boys everywhere i go because i'm paranoid
i keep lookin' over my shoulder and peepin' around corners
my mind is playin' tricks on me
day by day it's more impossible to cope
i feel like i'm the one that's doin' dope
can't keep a steady hand, because i'm nervous
every sunday morning i'm in service
prayin' for forgiveness
and tryin' to find an exit out the business
i know the lord is lookin' at me
but yet and still, it's hard for me to feel happy
i often drift when i drive, havin' fatal thoughts of suicide
bang and get it over with
and then i'm worry-free, but that's bullshit
i got a little boy to look after
and if i die, then my child'll be a bastard
i had a woman down with me
but to me it seemed like she was down to get me
she helped me out in this shit
but to me she was just another bitch
now she's back with her mother
now i'm realizin' that i love her
now i'm feelin' lonely
my mind is playin' tricks on me
this year, halloween fell on a weekend
me and geto boys are trick-or-treatin'
robbin' little kids for bags
'til a lawman got behind our ass
so we speeded up the pace
took a look back and he was right before our face
he'd be in for a squabble, no doubt
so i swung and hit the nigga in his mouth
he was goin' down, we figured
but this wasn't no ordinary nigga
he stood about six or seven feet
now that's the nigga i be seein' in my sleep
so we triple-teamed on him
droppin' them motherfuckin' b's on him
the more i swung, the more blood flew
then he disappeared and my boys disappeared too
then i felt just like a fiend
it wasn't even close to halloween
it was dark as fuck on the streets
my hands were all bloody from punchin' on the concrete
goddamn, homie
my mind is playin' tricks on me

--- Scarface - Money and the Power ---
money and the power, money and the power
i ain't fallin short i got the
money and the power
yup! hehehahaha, hehe ha hah hah.. yeah
money and the power, money and the power
never goin back 'cause i got
money and the power
deep in the heart of south park lurks a stalker
s.a. fool, native houston south parker
born and brought up to be a heartless motherfucker
no one else to blame, fuck it, blame it on my mother
when i was growin up nobody seemed to give a shit
and that's what makes me one hard son of a bitch
since they ain't give a shit, i ain't give a shit either
sweet 16, time to stack me up some ki's
learned the game of hustlin, fuckin over fiends
sellin niggas beat, in other words, amphetamines
my game was more advanced, sellin speed i'm goin broke
got em up with floyd, and floyd had fronted me some dope
learned to rock it up, now i got it sold
time to go for broke, motherfuck who i owe
business started boomin, started movin powder
motherfuck the bitches i want money and the power.. yup!
money and the power, money and the power
i ain't fallin short i got the
money and the power
yup!
money and the power, money and the power
bitches on my dick 'cause i got
money and the power
bought me a caddy, 30's and vogues
brand new crib, brand new clothes
mom would ask questions, and often pitch a bitch
where am i gettin the money? mickey d's ain't paid me shit
i'd make up a story, just to get her off my back
uh oh i got a beep i think my boys are out of crack
everything was smooth, exactly how i played it
a dollar to be made, best believe a nigga made it
nickels dimes and twenties, and sixty cent bumps
nigga rollin hard, stackin paper like trump
and i ain't give a fuck i told you that from the jump
didn't worry about no static, i had a motherfuckin pump
ass out of line, word em up, a nigga sprayed 'em
momma told me shoot first, and ask questions later
six hundred bucks a motherfuckin hour
and i ain't fallin short 'cause i got money and the power, yup
money and the power, money and the power
i ain't fallin short 'cause i got the
money and the power
yeah
money and the power, money and the power
i got it like dat, 'cause i got
money and the power
there goes 21, and still stackin 30's
brought my brother warren lee down from new jersey
he helped me for a minute, then he started screwin up
said fuck gettin paid, i guess my brother'd rather fuck
bitches ran his life, and they're still runnin lee
i guess he doesn't realize the bitch is fuckin me
it really doesn't matter, cause ak'll never tell
he can stay broke, but i got dope to sell
i step out on the cut, shit was lookin funny
i ran back in the house and started callin up my money
i signaled for my workers to bring in all the dope
i can feel the bust and sure enough in comes the 5-0
niggas stayed relaxed but they was friskin niggas up
if someone said my name then i was definitely fucked
but i'ma play it cool, if i kill i gotta kill
fightin for my shit, i never ran and never will
come to find out, they wasn't fuckin with my boys
busted a nigga who said he paid em, talkin noise
hehehehehe...i guess the juices are sour
but i ain't fallin short 'cause i got money and the power yup!
money and the power, money and the power
sold a million records, i got
money and the power
yup!
money and the power, money and the power
best to come clean, 'cause i got
money and the power
money and the power, money and the power
money and the pow-the-pow-the-pow-the-pow-the-power!

--- Raekwon - Ice Cream ---
ma, throw down some money
the ice cream man is coming
watch these rap niggas get all up in your guts
french vanilla, butter pecan, chocolate deluxe
even caramel sundaes is getting touched
and scooped in my ice cream truck, wu tears it up (the ice cream man is coming)
yo, honey dip, summertime fine, jheri dripping
seen you on pitkins with a bunch of chickens how you're cliquing
i kept shooting strong notes as we got close
she rocked rope, honey throat smelling like impulse
your whole shell baby's wicked like nimrod
caught me like a freshwater scrod, or may i not be god?
attitude is very rude, boo, crabby like seafood
it turns me on like vine's cee allah rule
they call me starky love, hon, check the strategy
by any means, shirley temple curls was done by billie jeans
black mrs. america, your name is erica, right, true
lazy eyeball, small feet, six shoe
caramel complexion, breath smelling like cinnamon
excuse me, hon, the don mean no harm, turn around again
goddamn, backyard's banging like a benzi
if i was jiggy, you'd be spotted like spuds mckenzie
i'm high-powered, put adina howard to sleep
yo, pardon, that bitch been on my mind all week
but, uh, back to you, maybelline queen, let's make a team
you can have anything in this world except c.r.e.a.m
so what you wanna do? what you wanna do?
let's go ahead and walk these dogs and represent wu
watch these rap niggas get all up in your guts
french vanilla, butter pecan, chocolate deluxe
even caramel sundaes is getting touched
and scooped in my ice cream truck, wu tears it up (the ice cream man is coming)
shaolin's finest, what up, boo? peace, your highness
yo, i'm lounging big dick style, y'all niggas is the flyest
moves you're making, too fly, jewels are shaking
not a rape patient, you're looking good, fly-colored asian
ghettoes, them is your hometown
we can go the whole round
after that, i'm shooting downtown
i'm rocking hats and your wig is all intact
who's that queen bee chick, eyes pearly black?
freaks be moving in fly sneaks
two-finger rings and gold teeth and ain't afraid to hold heat
so when i step in the square, dear
you better have cream to share, ricans, ven aqui, yeah
watch these rap niggas get all up in your guts
french vanilla, butter pecan, chocolate deluxe
even caramel sundaes is getting touched
scooped in my ice cream truck, wu tears it up (the ice cream man is coming)
black chocolate girl wonder, shake ground like thunder
politic to your deficit step, give me your number
your sexy persuasive tatas and thighs
catch my eyes like pies, i want your bodily surprise
double down some time
ice cream, you got me falling out like a cripple
i love you like i love my dick size
ooh, baby, i miss you, your sweet tender touches
take pulls off the dutches
orgasm in my mind-state, masturbate in your clutches
i want you for self like wealth, so play me closely
bitches paranoia for the sting, who want the most of me?
only a hard dozen wanna be calling me cousin
thirsty for my catalog, baby, shopping spree you're loving
call me if you wanna get dug like the pockets
i jizz 'em like a giant, break wombs out of the sockets
wu-tang in the cut, for real niggas, what?
it's the afterparty and bitches wanna fuck
watch these rap niggas get all up in your guts
french vanilla, butter pecan, chocolate deluxe
even caramel sundaes is getting touched
scooped in the ice cream truck, wu tears it up
ice cold bitches melt down when in my clutch
and want they titties sucked, ice cream, yeah
your guts
french vanilla, butter pecan, chocolate deluxe
even caramel sundaes is getting touched
scooped in the ice cream truck, wu tears it up (the ice cream man is coming)
ice cold bitches melt down when in the clutch
they want they titties sucked, ice cream
one love to my chocolate deluxes
keep your nails done and your wigs tight, word up
one love to my butter pecan ricans for calling me papi
that's for real
one love to caramel sundaes with the cherries on top, yeah
and big up to my french vanillas
parlez-vous français? mi amor, merci, oui oui, bon bons and all that good stuff
that good stuff

--- GZA - Liquid Swords ---
when i was little, my father was famous
he was the greatest samurai in the empire
and he was the shogun's decapitator
he cut off the heads of a hundred and thirty-one lords
it was a bad time for the empire
the shogun just stayed inside his castle and he never came out
people said his brain was infected by devils
my father would come home, he would forget about the killings
he wasn't scared of the shogun, but the shogun was scared of him
maybe that was the problem
then, one night
the shogun sent his ninja spies to our house
they were supposed to kill my father, but they didn't
that was the night everything changed
see, sometimes, you gotta flash 'em back
see, niggas don't know where this shit started
y'all know where it came from
i'm sayin', we gon' take y'all back to the source through knowledge, yo
when the mcs came to live out the name
and to perform, some had
to snort cocaine, to act insane
before he rocked it on
now gone off the mental plane to spark the brain
with the building to be born
yo, rza flip the track with the what to cut
fake niggas get flipped in mic fights
i swing swords and cut clowns
shit is too swift to bite, you record and write it down
i flow like the blood on a murder scene
like a syringe, on some wild-out shit to insert a fiend
but it was your op' to shop stolen art
catch a swollen heart from not rollin' smart
i put mad pressure on phony wack rhymes that get hurt
shit's played like zodiac signs on sweatshirts
that's minimum and feminine like sandals
my minimum table stacks a verse on a gamble
energy is felt once the cards are dealt
with the impact of roundhouse kicks from black belts
that attack the mic-phones like cyclones or typhoons
i represent from midnight to high noon
i don't waste ink, nigga, i think
i drop megaton bombs more faster than you blink
'cause rhyme thoughts travel at a tremendous speed
through clouds of smoke of natural blends of weed
only under one circumstance, that's if i'm blunted
turn that shit up, my clan in the front want it
now, when the mcs came to live out the name
and to perform, some had
to snort cocaine, to act insane
before he rocked it on
now born with the mental plane just to spark the brain
with the building to be born
yo, the rza flip the track with the what to cut
i'm on a mission that niggas say is impossible
but when i swing my swords, they all choppable
i be the body dropper, the heartbeat stopper
child educator plus head amputator
'cause niggas' styles are old like mark 5 sneakers
lyrics are weak like clock radio speakers
don't even stop in my station and attack
while your plan failed, get derailed like amtrak
what the fuck for? down by law, i make law
i be justice, i sentence that ass two-to-four
'round the clock, get that state pen' time, check it
but the pens i be stickin' with, you can't state the crime
came through with the wu, slid off on the dl
i'm low-key like seashells, i rock these bells (when the mcs)
now come aboard, it's medina-bound
enter the chamber and it's a whole different sound
it's a wide entrance, small exit like a funnel
so deep it's picked up on radios in tunnels
niggas are fascinated how the shit begin
get vaccinated, my logo is branded in your skin
when the mcs came to live out the name
and to perform, some had
to snort cocaine, to act insane
before he rocked it on
now gone off the mental plane just to spark the brain
with the building to be born
yo, rza flip the track with the fuckin'

--- Ol' Dirty Bastard - Got Your Money ---
oh baby, mm (baby, i eat the shit from right out-out your ass)
it's dedicated to all the pretty girls, all the pretty girls (to all—)
all the pretty girls in the world, um, and the ugly girls too
'cause to me, you're pretty anyway, baby
you give me your number, i'll call you up
you act like your pussy on interrupt
i don't have no trouble with you fuckin' me
but i have a little problem with you not fuckin' me (ha)
baby, you know i'ma take care of you
'cause you say you got my baby, and i know it ain't true
is it a good thing? no it's bad, bitch
for good or worse, makes you switch
so i walk on over with my cristal
bitch-ass niggas, put away your pist-als
dirty won't be havin' it in this house
'cause, bitch, i'll cripple your style
now that you heard my charmin' voice
you couldn't get another nigga, your coochie won't get moist
if you wanna look good and not be bummy
girl, you better give me that money (ooh)
hey, dirty (uh-huh, uh-uh-huh)
baby, i got your money
don't you worry, i said hey
baby, i got your money (uh, uh, uh, uh)
hey, dirty (i said uh-uh, uh, uh, yo)
baby, i got your money (said ah-uh-uh, uh, uh, ah)
don't you worry, i said hey (uh-uh, uh, uh)
baby, i got your money (uh, uh-uh)
yo, so i glanced at the girl, girl glanced at me
i whispered in her ear, "you wanna be with me?"
you wanna look pretty though, in my video
ol' dirty on the hat and i let you all know
just dance if you caught up in the holy ghost trance
if you stop, i'ma put the killer ants in your pants
i'm the o.d.b. as you can see
f.b.i., don't you be watchin' me
i don't want no problems 'cause i'll put you down
in the ground where you cannot be found
i'm just dirt dog tryna make some money
so give me my streaks and give me my honey
radios play this all day, everyday
recognize i'm a fool and you love me
none of you, nuh, better look at me funny
nuh, you know my name, now give me my money
hey, dirty (sing it)
baby, i got your money (sing it, girls)
don't you worry, i said hey (just shake it right now)
baby, i got your money (if dirty want his money)
hey, dirty (i think y'all should give him his money)
baby, i got your money (that's how i like it, girl)
don't you worry, i said hey
baby, i got your money
sexy, sexy, sexy, ah
sexy, sexy, sexy, ah-ah
sexy, sexy, sexy, ah
yo, yo, nigga, play it in the club like this all night
bitches, put your ass out, let me hold it tight
you lookin' at my wrist sayin', "it's so nice" (nah, nah, nah)
the price, bitch, is diamonds, shining disco lights
well, you better help me solve my problem
or i'ma get this money and robbed them
lucky dog when i won the lotto
ran up on my car for carryin' rollo
but hold on, you can call me dirty (yuh)
and then lift up your skirt
and you want some of this dirty
god made dirt, and dirt bust your ass (nah)
stop annoyin' me, yeah, i play my music loud
it takes the bastard, ol' dirty to move the crowd
they say, "he had his dick in his mouth"
eddie murphy taught me that back in the house
now give me my money
hey, dirty (you don't know me)
baby, i got your money
don't you worry, i said hey
baby, i got your money
hey, dirty (i wanna be here, sexy sexy, sexy)
baby, i got your money
don't you worry, i said hey (sexy sexy, sexy)
baby, i got your money (for you)
hey, dirty (sexy sexy, sexy)
baby, i got your money (doo, doo, doo, doo, doo, doo, doo, doo)
don't you worry, i said hey (doo, doo, doo, doo, doo)
baby, i got your money (now give me my money)
hey, dirty (give me my money)
baby, i got your money (i need my money)
don't you worry, i said hey
baby, i got your money
hey, dirty
baby, i got your money
don't you worry, i said hey (baby girl)
baby, i got your money (baby girl)
hey, dirty
baby, i got your money ()
don't you worry, i said hey

--- Drake - Champagne Poetry ---
i love you, i love you, i love you
until i, until i
i love you, i love you, i love you
until i find a
say the only words i know that you'll
i been hot since the birth of my son
i remain unfazed, trust, worse has been done
man, fuck a valuation, show me personal funds
it's the pretty boys versus the petty boys
sold that already, got a whole new set of toys
shit is so surreal, drizzy drake, you better enjoy it
nothing else bigger than the ovo letterman boys
cashmere knits for the nighttime boat rides
ollie got the first еdition parked up roadside
the only sign of strugglin' is coming from thosе guys
i'm tryna just relay what i can see through my own eyes
and nothin' tell the truth like the eyes will
lived so much for others don't remember how i feel
friends in high places and friends that are high still
still managed to moonwalk straight through a minefield
and then i'll come back to tell you how that feels
built this house for us all, pain in my back still
you niggas gassed up, you couldn't pay the
i love you, i love you, i love you
until i, until i
i love you, i love you, i love you
until i find a
say the only words i know that you'll
champagne poetry, these are the effortless flows, supposedly
something else is controlling me
under her pictures live some of the greatest quotes from me
under me, i see all the people that claim they over me
and above me, i see nobody
i'd have to be dead for them to say that you took it from me
the twenty percent of you that we own is my tootsie's money
nigga, i'm wilding with your bread, you owe it to me
cj grab racks out the bag and throw it to me
they don't want a problem with the boy, but it's goin' to be
trust in my brothers is as strong as i know it should be
future sign the contracts, he don't even show it to me
i don't have to second-guess nothing with no one i love
'bout to build a second guest house 'cause we growing too much
think i got to scale the love back 'cause
i need you, i need you, i need you
i need to make you see
what you mean to me
until i do, i'm hoping you will know what i mean
yeah, oh
heavy day
for real
yeah
yeah
the city's on fire and people are in denial
charges being laid, but we'll see what they do at trial
i'm calling this shit from now
sweetheart deals that the judges been handing down
i haven't been able to see family for a while
that shit is wearin' me out
i used to hide my pain in delilah behind the bar 'til my niggas carried me out
and if money's all i need in my grave, then bury me now
i know i tend to talk about how i got a fortune on me
but with that comes the politics the city been forcing on me
man, i can't even r.i.p. and show my remorse to the homie
know i carry the guilt of the city's misfortunes on me
i even got the cleanin' staff plotting extortion on me
my parents' divorce is on me
my therapist's voice is making the choices for me
and i always censor myself 'cause no matter what, they reporting on me
the pressure is weighin' on me
career is going great, but now the rest of me's fading slowly
my soulmate is somewhere out in the world just waiting on me
my chef got the recipe for disaster baking slowly
my heart feel vacant and lonely, but still
i'm makin' the most of this shit and more
every single move is like rolling dice on the board
seen too many brothers get twenty-five from the boys
i'd rather see all of 'em get twenty-five from the lord
and if the last negotiation made you pay me twenty-five
well, this is the perfect time to give me twenty-five more
i'm bigger now than before
co-parent of the year, we figured out a rapport
no fair what drizzy made on the second leg of the tour
how could anybody tell you the truth when they misinformed?
how the niggas turnin' up with you turned you in for rewards?
how the **** do we manage to win everything but awards?
**** windows of opportunity, let me go through the doors
this the part where i don't ever say "pardon me" anymore
this the part where i'ma find a new part of me to explore
this the part where all my partners know what we in it for
this the part where we gon' throw us a party after the war
and if the last negotiation had you feeling out of pocket
well, this is the perfect time that i empty them shits for sure
you owe that shit to the boy, yeah
(i need to make you see)
i love you, i love you, i love you
(what you mean to me)
i need to make you see
(what you mean to me)
(what you mean to me)
(what you mean to me)

--- Rick Ross - Aston Martin Music ---
oh
let's pull the two-seater out, baby
it's wherever you wanna go
j.u.s.t.i.c.e. league
riding to the music, this is how we do it (all night), all night
breezing down the freeway just me and my baby, in our ride
just me and my boss, no worries at all
listening to the aston martin music, music
would've came back for you
i just needed time to do what i had to do
caught in the life, i can't let it go
whether that's right, i will never know
uh, but here goes nothing
when i'm alone in my room, sometime i stare at the wall
automatic weapons on the floor, but who can you call?
my down bitch, one who live by the code
put this music shit aside, get it in on the road
a lot of quiet time, pink bottles of rose
exotic red bottoms, whole body glittered in gold
following fundamentals and following in the rental
i love a nasty girl who swallow what's on the menu
that money triple up when ya get it out of state
i need a new safe 'cause i'm running out of space
elroy jetson: i'm somewhere out in space
in my two-seater, she's the one that i would take, wee
riding to the music, this is how we do it (all night), all night
breezing down the freeway just me and my baby, in our ride
just me and my boss, no worries at all
listening to the, aston martin music, music
would've came back for you
i just needed time to do what i had to do
caught in the life, i can't let it go
whether that's right, i will never know
uh, but here goes nothing
pull up on the block in a drop-top chicken box
mr. kfc, vvs's in the watch
living fast where it's all about that money bag
never front, you take it there, it ain't no coming back
top down, right here is where she wanna be
as my goals unfold right in front of me
every time we fuck, her soul take a hold of me
addicted like pookie, that pussy be controlling me
that thing keep calling
fuck maintain, boy: i gotta keep ballin
pink bottles keep coming
james bond coupe, pop clutch, 100
riding to the music, this is how we do it (all night), all night
breezing down the freeway just me and my baby, in our ride
just me and my boss, no worries at all
listening to the aston martin music, music
would've came back for you
i just needed time to do what i had to do
caught in the life, i can't let it go
whether that's right, i will never know
hoping you will forgive me, never meant wrong
tried to be patient, waited too long
but i would've came back, but i would've came back
would've came back, would've came back
would've came
i talk slicker than a pimp from augusta
who just had his linen suit dry-cleaned, bitches, what’s up witcha?
i hate callin' the women bitches, but the bitches love it
i took some sense and made a nickel of it
i'm urgin' all daughters to kiss they mothers
with those lips that all that lipstick covers
you're never too grown up to miss and hug her
and girls countin' on me to be there like missin' rubbers
i'm on some marvin gaye shit, a bunch of distant lovers
this ain't the life that i'm used to
reintroduced to people i've been introduced to
did you forget me?
or are you too scared to tell me that you met me
and fear that i won't remember
i wish you could still accept me for me
i miss memphis, tennessee, my cousins, my dad
the simplistic beauty that all of them southerners have
i'm halfway across the world with dozens of bags
feelin' like all four members of color me badd
in one nigga, amazing shit
i got that courtney love for you, that crazy shit
i don't drink every bottle i own, i be agin' shit
and i got them wedding ring flows, that engagin' shit
which one of y'all got fleets on your keychains?
the seats for these heat games?
i really think you stare at yourself and you see things
la familia, i've been inducted and instructed
to stunt on these niggas we don't really fuck with
fuck is up?
havin' lunch and debatin' ferrari prices
twenty-three and goin' through a midlife crisis
but trust me, i still deliver like a midwife
and no, i'm not sayin' i'm the nicest, i just live life like it
uh, it take a certain type of man to teach
to be far from hood, but to understand the streets
i never threw away that paper with my grammy speech
because i haven't hit the pinnacles i plan to reach
yeah, you gotta own it if you want it
kisses all on her body, she tells me live in the moment
and, baby, i'll never forget none of that
girl, i told you i was coming back
aston martin music, music
aston martin music, music

--- Meek Mill - Ima Boss ---
woo! woo!
m-m-maybach music
look, i be ridin' through my old hood, but i'm in my new whip (yes, sir)
same old attitude, but i'm on that new shit (yeah)
they say they gon' rob me, see me, never do shit (never)
'cause they know that's the reason they gon' end up on a news clip (murder)
audemar on my wrist, bust down (bling)
we poppin' bottles like i scored the winnin' touchdown (score)
'member me dead broke? (broke) look at me up now (up)
i run my city from south philly back to uptown
thank god, all these bottles i popped
all this paper i been gettin', all these models i popped
i done sold a hundred thousand 'fore my album got dropped
and i'm only 23, i'm the shit, now, look at me
look at me, i'm a boss like my nigga rozay
shorty asked me for a check, i told that bitch like "no way" (no way)
'cause i made it from the bottom, it was never no way
and i never had a job, you know i had to sell yay
bitch, i'm a boss (i'm a boss), i call the shots (call the shots)
i'm with the murder team (murder team), call the cops (call the cops)
we in the building (we in the building), y'all are not (y'all are not)
you short on the paper, you gon' ball or not?
bitch, i'm a boss! (i'm a boss) bitch, i'm a boss! (i'm a boss)
i plan the shots (huh!) i call the calls (huh!)
we in this bitch, it's goin' down
yeah i'm the king, now where my muh'fuckin' crown? (huh!)
bitch, i'm a boss! (i'm a boss) bitch, i'm a boss! (i'm a boss)
bitch, i'm a boss! (i'm a boss) bitch, i'm a boss! (i'm a boss)
bitch, i'm a boss! (i'm a boss) bitch, i'm a boss! (i'm a boss)
i plan the shots (huh!) i call the calls! (yeah) hey!
got so many shades, they thought i had a lazy eye (huh)
shorty rode me smooth as my mercedes ride (huh)
no love, cry when only babies die
and when i go, that casket better cost a hundred thou'
i pray to god i look my killer in his eyes
snatch his soul out his shirt, let's take him for that ride (for that ride)
og is one who standin' on his own feet
a boss is one who guarantee we gon' eat (huh)
fuck a blog, dawg, 'cause one day we gon' meet (gon' meet)
i'ma spaz on yo ass like i'm monique
or a double stack, bet a nigga double that
jerry jones money, nigga, you a running back (you a running back)
herschel walker (what?) bo jack (hah)
ricky watters, better run that dope back (dope back)
boss, and i put that on my maybach (maybach)
four hundred thou', bitch, you wish you saved that
bitch, i'm a boss! (i'm a boss) bitch, i'm a boss! (i'm a boss)
i plan the shots (huh!) i call the calls (huh!)
we in this bitch, it's goin' down
yeah i'm the king, now where my muh'fuckin' crown? (huh!)
bitch, i'm a boss! (i'm a boss) bitch, i'm a boss! (i'm a boss)
bitch, i'm a boss! (i'm a boss) bitch, i'm a boss! (i'm a boss)
bitch, i'm a boss! (i'm a boss) bitch, i'm a boss! (i'm a boss)
i plan the shots (huh!) i call the calls! (yeah) hey!
couple cars i don't never drive, bikes i don't never ride (nah)
crib i ain't never been (no), pool i don't never swim (never)
fool, you ain't better than (nah), i move like the president (yeah)
ery'thang black-on-black, you know i be strappin' that
rattin' ass niggas walkin' 'round wearin' wires
fuckin' up the game, got the hood on fire (it's hot)
bitch i'm a king (king) call me sire
if you say i don't run my city, you a muh'fuckin liar
i'm a boss, you a fraud
you cross the line, i get you murdered for a cost (murder)
out in vegas (out in vegas), i took a loss (took a loss)
at the fight, we watchin' floyd, we on the floor (we on the floor)
yeah, scared money don't make no money
if i ever go broke, i'ma take yo money
i ain't never dropped a dime, you ain't take none from me
in the hood err'day, bitch, i'm good, what i say?
bitch, i'm a boss! (i'm a boss) bitch, i'm a boss! (i'm a boss)
i plan the shots (huh!) i call the calls (huh!)
we in this bitch, it's goin' down
yeah i'm the king, now where my muh'fuckin' crown? (huh!)
bitch, i'm a boss! (i'm a boss) bitch, i'm a boss! (i'm a boss)
bitch, i'm a boss! (i'm a boss) bitch, i'm a boss! (i'm a boss)
bitch, i'm a boss! (i'm a boss) bitch, i'm a boss! (i'm a boss)
i plan the shots (huh!) i call the calls! (yeah) hey!
m-m-maybach music

--- Waka Flocka Flame - Hard In da Paint ---
lex luger
that nigga lex luger
flocka
i go hard in the motherfucking paint, nigga
leave you stinking, nigga, what the fuck you thinking, nigga?
i won't die for this shit or what the fuck i say
front yard, broad day with the sk
see gucci, that's my motherfucking nigga
i hang in the 'dale with them hit squad killers
waka flocka flame one hood-ass nigga
riding real slow, bending corners, my nigga (flocka)
got a main bitch (and?) got a mistress (what else?)
a couple girlfriends, i'm so hood rich
keep my dick hard (yeah) and keep me smoking
you'll get bills free, shawty, no joking (real talk)
and what i stand for? (flocka), brick squad (brick squad)
i'ma die for this shawty, man, i swear to god
in the trap with some killers and some hood niggas
where you at? where you trap? you ain't hood, nigga (bow)
keep this shit 300, put that shit on my hood (flocka)
crips fucking with me, g's and the vice lords (brrrrrrr)
ese and amigos freestyle off the dome
brick squad, waka flocka flame is fucking home (flocka)
i go hard in the motherfucking paint, nigga
leave you stinking, nigga, what the fuck you thinking, nigga?
i won't die for this shit or what the fuck i say (brick squad)
front yard, broad day with the sk
see, gucci, that's my motherfucking nigga
i hang in the 'dale with them hit squad killers
waka flocka flame one hood-ass nigga
riding real slow, bending corners, my nigga
what's up, pussy nigga? (what's up?)
what's up, punk nigga? (what's up?)
they got on that nigga
make your mama's mama miss you
hope you got your killers with you
hope you got your niggas with you
hope your goons riding with you
they gon' fucking miss you, nigga
nigga with a attitude like eaze and cube
when my little brother died, i said fuck school
i picked the burner up, then i grabbed some marijuana
two years later, screaming, "now i'm here, your honor"
glock 9, the sk, if you want the beef
shawty, point blank range, i'll put your ass to sleep
shawty, talk is cheap, so watch what you say
broad day in the air like this shit legal (flocka)
i go hard in the motherfucking paint, nigga
leave you stinking, nigga, what the fuck you thinking, nigga?
i won't die for this shit or what the fuck i say (brick squad)
front yard, broad day with the sk (bop-bop-bop-bop-bow)
see gucci, that's my motherfucking nigga
i hang in the 'dale with them hit squad killers
waka flocka flame one hood-ass nigga
riding real slow, bending corners, my nigga
flocka, waka
waka, waka, waka (flocka)
waka, waka, waka (flocka)
flocka, flocka, flocka (waka)
waka, waka, waka (flocka)
waka flocka, flocka, (waka)
waka flocka flame, brick squad
yuh, yuh, yuh
yuh, yuh, brick squad
yuh, yuh, yuh, yuh
yuh, yuh, brick squad
yuh
i go hard in the motherfucking paint, nigga
leave you stinking, nigga, what the fuck you thinking, nigga?
i won't die for this shit or what the fuck i say (brick squad)
front yard, broad day with the sk (bop-bop-bop-bop-bop-bow)
see gucci, that's my motherfucking nigga
i hang in the 'dale with them hit squad killers
waka flocka flame one hood-ass nigga
riding real slow, bending corners, my nigga (flocka)

--- French Montana - Pop That ---
don't stop, pop that, don't stop
pop that, pop that, pop that
don't stop, pop that, don't stop
drop that pussy, bitch
pop that pussy, pussy
what you twerkin' with?
don't stop, pop that, don't stop
i'm young papi, champagne
pop that, pop that, pop that
they know the face, and they know the name
don't stop, pop that, don't stop
bounce
drop that pussy, bitch
what you twerkin' with?
don't stop, pop that, don't stop
pop that, pop that
work, work, work, work, bounce
don't stop, pop that, don't stop
pop that pussy
work, work, work, what you twerkin' with? (bounce)
don't stop, pop that, don't stop
pop that, pop that, pop that
work, work, work, work, bounce
don't stop, pop that, don't stop
work, work, work, what you twerkin' with? (bounce)
don't stop, pop that, don't stop
pop that, pop that, pop that
what you twerkin' with?
don't stop, pop that, don't stop
pop that, pussy, pussy
what you twerkin' with?
don't stop, pop that, don't stop
pop that, pop that, pop that
what you twerkin' with?
don't stop, pop that, don't stop
pop that, pussy, pussy
what you twerkin' with?
ayy, ayy, ayy, ayy, montana!
work-work-work-work-work-work
what you twerkin' with?
throw it, bust it open
show me what you twerkin' with
ass so fat need a lap dance
i'm in that white ghost chasin' pac-man
hundred out the lot, i be leanin', that cîroc
hundred large, bring a mop
car's tinted like barack
got a brinks truck in my pocket (pocket)
30 chains on my collar (collar)
two drops, no mileage (mileage)
top off like wallace
and i'm inhalin' smoke, bitch know that (know that)
filthy rich before rap ('fore rap)
your new deal, i throw that (throw that)
three beans i'm on that (haaan)
we pop a molly (haaan), she bust it open (haaan)
she seen the 'gatti (haaan), that pussy soakin' (woo!)
don't stop, pop that, don't stop
pop that, pop that, pop that (bounce)
don't stop, pop that, don't stop
pop that, pussy, pussy
what you twerkin' with?
don't stop, pop that, don't stop
shout out to the infernos
pop that, pop that, pop that (bounce)
strawberries, luke what it do?
don't stop, pop that, don't stop
let's go
pop that, pussy, pussy
what you twerkin' with?
i love my big booty bitches, my life a godfather picture
local club in my city, i fell in love with a stripper
bitches know i'm that nigga, talkin' four-door bugatti
i'm the life of the party, let's get these hoes on the molly
you know i came to stunt, so drop that pussy, bitch
i got what you want, drop that pussy, bitch (woo)
film it, film it, this bitch want me to film it
ballin', ballin' like i play for new england
spend it, spend it, spend a stack every minute
that's 50... one hundred, i see no fuckin' limits
shout out to uncle luke (huh)
shout out my bitches too (huh)
we the 2 live crew
two for me, two for you (woo)
feed them bitches carrots (huh)
fuck em like a rabbit
sorry that's a habit, smoke a spliff and then i vanish
don't stop, pop that, don't stop
pop that, pop that, pop that (bounce)
don't stop, pop that, don't stop
pop that, pussy, pussy
what you twerkin' with? (yeah)
don't stop, pop that, don't stop
pop that, pop that, pop that (bounce, don't stop)
don't stop, pop that, don't stop
let's go
pop that, pussy, pussy
what you twerkin' with?
i'm about bein' single, seein' double, makin' triple (right)
i hope you pussy niggas hatin' never make a nickel (right)
it's good to make it better when your people make it with you
money comin', money goin', ain't like you could take it with you (alright)
it's about to be a hit right now, fuck back then we the shit right now
dropped 
take care
, bought a mothafuckin' crib
and i'm pickin' up the keys to the bitch right now
ovo that's major shit, toronto with me that's mayor shit
gettin cheddar packs like k.d., okc that's player shit
we don't dress alike, we don't rap alike
i shine different, i rhyme different
only thing you got is some years on me
man fuck you and your time difference
i'm young papi, champagne
they know the face and they know the name
got one watch that could prolly pay for like all your chains
and you'd owe me change, ah!
greystone, 20 bottles that's all me
on the couch, wildin' out yelling free my niggas 'til they all free
one of my closest dawgs got three kids and they all three
but we always been that type of crew that been good without a plan b, so
don't stop, pop that, don't stop
pop that, pop that, pop that (bounce)
don't stop, pop that, don't stop
pop that, pussy, pussy
what you twerkin' with?
don't stop, pop that, don't stop
pop that, pop that, pop that (bounce)
don't stop, pop that, don't stop
pop that, pussy, pussy
what you twerkin' with?
bitch! stop talkin' that shit
and suck a nigga dick for some trukfit
okay i fuck a bitch and i'm gone
that’s gangsta: al capone
i make that pussy spit like bone
i'm talkin' 'bout bone, bone, bone bone
i'm fuckin' with french, excuse my french
i lose my mind before i lose my bitch
money ain't a thing but a chicken wing
bitch i ball like two eyelids
ymcm beat that pussy up, stop playin'
i make her ass scream and holla like rock bands
i'm a beast, i'm off the leash
i am rich like a bitch
on my proactiv shit, pop that pussy like a zit
i go by the name lil tunechi
your girl is a groupie
and nigga, you's a square
and i will twist you like in a rubik's
motherfucker i'm on my skateboard
watch me do a trick, ho
i’m 5'5" but i could 6-9
then beat that pussy like klitschko
it's french montana, fuck joe
it's weezy f, fuck hoes
it's truk the world
it's truk yo girl
it's trukfit by the truck load, biatch!
don't stop, pop that, don't stop
pop that, pop that, pop that (bounce)
don't stop, pop that, don't stop
pop that, pussy, pussy (oh yeah)
what you twerkin' with?
don't stop, pop that, don't stop (i forgot)
pop that, pop that, pop that (bounce)
don't stop, pop that, don't stop
what you twerkin' with?
young moolah, baby!

--- Tyga - Rack City ---
rack, rack city, bitch
rack, rack, rack city, bitch
rack, rack, rack, rack city, bitch
mustard on the beat, ho
rack city, bitch, rack, rack city, bitch
ten, ten, ten, twenties on your titties, bitch
100 deep vip, no guest list
t-t-raw, you don't know who you fuckin' with
got my other bitch fuckin' with my other bitch
fuckin' all night, nigga, we ain't celibate
niggas say i'm too dope, i ain't sellin' it
raw fresher than a motherfuckin' peppermint
g-gold lettermans, last king killin' shit
y-young money, young money, yeah, we gettin' rich
got your grandma on my dick, haha
girl, you know what it is
rack city, bitch, rack, rack city, bitch
rack city, bitch, rack, rack city, bitch
rack city, bitch, rack, rack city, bitch
ten, ten, ten, twenties and them fifties, bitch
rack city, bitch, rack, rack city, bitch
rack city, bitch, rack, rack city, bitch
rack city, bitch, rack, rack city, bitch
ten, ten, ten, twenties and them fifties, bitch
i'm a motherfuckin' star (star)
look at the paint on the car (car)
too much rim make the ride too hard
tell that bitch, "hop out, walk the boulevard"
i need my money pronto
get it in the morning like alonzo
rondo, green got cheese like a nacho
if you don't got no ass, bitch, wear a poncho
head honcho, got my seat back
nigga staring at me, don't get bapped
got my shirt off, the club too packed
it's too turnt goin' up like gas
goddamn, pulled out my rags
mike, mike jackson, nigga, yeah, i'm bad
rat-tat-tat-tat, tatted up on my back
all the hoes love me, you know what it is
rack city, bitch, rack, rack city, bitch
rack city, bitch, rack, rack city, bitch
rack city, bitch, rack, rack city, bitch
ten, ten, ten, twenties and them fifties, bitch
rack city, bitch, rack, rack city, bitch
rack city, bitch, rack, rack city, bitch
rack city, bitch, rack, rack city, bitch
ten, ten, ten, twenties and them fifties, bitch
throwing hundreds, hundreds
hundreds, hundreds
throwing hundreds, hundreds
rack city, bitch, rack, rack city, bitch
hundreds, hundreds
throwing hundreds, hundreds
hundreds, hundreds
rack city, bitch, rack, rack city, bitch
rack city, bitch, rack, rack city, bitch
rack city, bitch, rack, rack city, bitch
rack city, bitch, rack, rack city, bitch
ten, ten, ten, twenties and them fifties, bitch
rack city, bitch, rack, rack city, bitch
rack city, bitch, rack, rack city, bitch
rack city, bitch, rack, rack city, bitch
ten, ten, ten, twenties and them fifties, bitch
throwing hundreds, hundreds
hundreds, hundreds
throwing hundreds, hundreds
rack city, bitch, rack rack city, bitch
hundreds, hundreds
throwing hundreds, hundreds
hundreds, hundreds
rack city, bitch, rack, rack city, bitch
rack city, bitch, rack, rack city, bitch
rack city, bitch, rack, rack city, bitch

--- Bobby Shmurda - Koser Radio EP. 16 ---
frank ocean - these days
lil uzi vert - bankteller
bktherula - tan
eem triplin - awkward freestyle
trippie redd - betrayal (feat. drake)
pinkpantheress - pain
mazie - dumb dumb
vano 3000 - running away
aminé - caroline
cochise - hatchback
lil yachty - one night
playboi carti - sky
dasgasdom3 - pedal up
bobby shmurda - hot n*gga
thundercat - them changes
lil uzi vert - neon guts (feat. pharrell williams)
kanye west - father stretch my hands pt. 1 (feat. kid cudi)
kanye west - pt. 2 (feat. desiigner)
joji - glimpse of us
daniel caesar - hold me down
the weeknd - dawn fm
thе weeknd - gasoline
the weeknd - a tale by quincy

--- Desiigner - Panda ---
you are now listening to the hottest producer with the hottest beats on the net, menace
this what they all been waitin' for? i guess so (grrah)
they been waitin' for this shit for a long time, didn't they? (git, git, git, grrah)
this what they all been waitin' for? i guess so
they been waitin' for this shit for a long time, didn't they? (git, git, git, grrah)
ayy, i'm just feelin' my vibe right now (ayy)
i'm feelin' myself (grrah)
panda, panda (git)
panda, panda, panda, panda, panda (git, git, git)
i got broads in atlanta (ooh)
twistin' dope, lean, and the fanta (grrah)
credit cards and the scammers (woo)
hittin' off licks in the bando (git)
black x6, phantom (woo)
white x6 look like a panda
goin' out like i'm montana (grrah)
hundred killas, hundred hammers (git, grrah)
black x6, phantom
white x6, panda (grrah)
pockets swole, danny
sellin' bar, candy (git, git)
man, i'm the macho like randy (woo)
the chopper go oscar for grammy (grrah)
bitch nigga, pull up ya panty (woo)
hope you killas understand me (grrah)
i got broads in atlanta (ooh)
twistin' dope, lean, and the fanta (grrah)
credit cards and the scammers
hittin' off licks in the bando (grrah)
black x6, phantom (woo)
white x6 look like a panda (git)
goin' out like i'm montana (grrah)
hundred killas, hundred hammers (grrah)
black x6, phantom (git)
white x6, panda (git, git; woo)
pockets swole, danny (grrah)
sellin' bar, candy (ooh)
man, i'm the macho like randy (git)
the chopper go oscar for grammy (git, git)
bitch nigga, pull up ya panty (grrah)
hope you killas understand me (grrah)
hey
panda, panda (grrah)
panda, panda, panda, panda, panda, panda, panda, panda (grrah)
i got broads in atlanta (git)
twistin' dope, lean, and shit, sippin' fanta (git, git)
credit cards and the scammers (ooh)
wake up versace shit, life desiigner (grrah)
whole bunch of lavish shit
they be askin' 'round town who be clappin' shit (git, git, git)
i be pullin' up stuff in the phantom ship (ooh)
i got plenty of stuff in bugatti whip, look how i drive this shit
black x6, phantom (hey)
white x6, killin' on camera (git, git)
pop a perc, i can't stand up (grrah)
gorilla, they come and kill you with bananas (git)
four fellas, they finna pull up in the phantom (git)
know niggas, they come and kill you on the camera (git, git, git)
big rollie, it's dancin' bigger than a pandie
go oscar for grammy, bitch, pull up ya panty
fill up, i'ma flip it, i got bitches pull up and they get it (git)
i got niggas that's countin' for digits (git, git)
say you make you a lot of new money (grrah)
know some killers pull off and they in the wraith (ayy)
ctd, pull up in the killa bape (git, git, git)
call up phillip-phillip, gon' fill the bank (grrah)
niggas up in the bank, we gon' drill the bank (ayy)
fuck, we gon' kill the bank, get it (git, git)
i got broads, yeah, i get it (grrah)
i get cards, yeah, i shitted (grrah)
this how i live it, did it all for a ticket (grrah)
now flex drop bombs when he spin it
and bobby gon' trend it (grrah)
jeff the don doin' business
zana ray fuckin' up shit and she doin' her business (grrah)
i be gettin' to the chicken, countin' to the chicken (ayy)
and all of my niggas gon' split it (git, git, git)
panda, panda (grrah, grrah, grrah)
panda, panda, panda, panda, panda (git, git, git)
i got broads in atlanta (ooh)
twistin' dope, lean, and the fanta (grrah)
credit cards and the scammers
hittin' off licks in the bando
black x6, phantom (ooh)
white x6 look like a panda
goin' out like i'm montana (grrah)
hundred killers, hundred hammers (grrah)
black x6, phantom
white x6, panda (git, git)
pockets swole, danny
sellin' bar, candy
man, i'm the macho like randy (ooh)
the chopper go oscar for grammy (ayy)
bitch nigga, pull up ya panty (ooh)
hope you killers understand me (grrah)
i got broads in atlanta
twistin' dope, lean, and the fanta
credit cards and the scammers
hittin' off licks in the bando
black x6, phantom (ooh)
white x6 look like a panda (grrah)
goin' out like i'm montana (grrah)
hundred killers, hundred hammers (grrah)
black x6, phantom
white x6, panda (ooh)
pockets swole, danny
sellin' bar, candy (ayy)
man, i'm the macho like randy (ooh)
the chopper go oscar for grammy (git, git)
bitch nigga, pull up ya panty (grrah)
hope you killers understand me
panda, panda (grrah)
panda, panda, panda, panda, panda, panda, panda, panda

--- Rae Sremmurd - Black Beatles ---
black beatles in the city
be back immediately to confiscate the moneys
(ear drummers)
rae sremm, guwop, mike will
i sent flowers, but you said you didn't receive 'em
but you said you didn't need them (mike will made-it)
that girl is a real crowd pleaser (oh, yeah)
small world, all her friends know of me (they know me)
young bull livin' like an old geezer (ah)
quick-release the cash, watch it fall slowly (slowly)
frat girls still tryna get even (tryna get even)
haters mad for whatever reason (yeah, yeah)
smoke in the air (hey), binge drinking (oh, oh)
they lose it when the dj drops the needle (and they lose it)
getting so gone, i'm not blinkin' (oh)
what in the world was i thinkin'?
new day, new money to be made (what?)
there is nothin' to explain
i'm a fuckin' black beatle, cream seats in the regal
rockin' john lennon lenses, like to see 'em spread eagle
took a bitch to the club and let her party on the table
screamin', "everybody's famous"
like clockwork, i blow it all (work)
and get some more (hold up)
get you somebody that can do both (both)
black beatles got the babes belly rollin'
she think she love me, i think she trollin'
that girl is a real crowd pleaser (oh, yeah)
small world, all her friends know of me (they know me)
young bull livin' like an old geezer (ah)
quick-release the cash, watch it fall slowly (slowly)
frat girls still tryna get even (tryna get even)
haters mad for whatever reason (yeah, yeah)
smoke in the air (hey), binge drinkin' (oh, rae sremm, guwop, mike will)
they lose it when the dj drops the needle (and they lose it)
came in with two girls, look like strippers in their real clothes (yeah)
a broke ho can only point me to a rich ho
a yellow bitch with green hair, a real weirdo
black man, yellow lamb', red light go
they seen that guwop and them just came in through the side door (huh)
there's so much money on the floor we buyin' school clothes (yeah)
why you bring the money machine to the club for? (frrt)
pint of lean, pound of weed, and a kilo (skrrt)
i eurostep past a hater like i'm rondo (wow)
i upgrade your baby mama to a condo (wow)
like chapo servin' llello to the gringos
black beatle, club close when i say so (woah)
that girl is a real crowd pleaser (oh, yeah)
small world, all her friends know of me (they know me)
young bull livin' like an old geezer (ah)
quick-release the cash, watch it fall slowly (slowly)
frat girls still tryna get even (tryna get even)
haters mad for whatever reason (yeah, yeah)
smoke in the air (hey), binge drinkin' (oh, oh; uncle jxmmi)
they lose it when the dj drops the needle (and they lose it)
she's a good teaser
and we blowin' reefer
your body like a work of art, baby
don't fuck with me, i'll break your heart, baby
d-d&g on me, i got a lot of flavor (uncle jxmmi)
fifteen hundred on my feet, i'm tryna kill these haters (kill 'em)
i had haters when i was broke, i'm rich, i still got haters (still got haters)
i had hoes when i was broke, i'm rich, i'm still a player (player, player)
i wear leather gucci jackets like it's still the 80s (what?)
i've been blowin' og kush, i feel a lil' sedated (hah)
i can't worry about a broke nigga or a hater (fuck 'em)
black beatle, bitch, me and paul mccartney related (yeah)
that girl is a real crowd pleaser (oh, yeah)
small world, all her friends know of me (they know me)
young bull livin' like an old geezer (ah)
quick-release the cash, watch it fall slowly (slowly)
frat girls still tryna get even (tryna get even)
haters mad for whatever reason (yeah, yeah)
smoke in the air (hey), binge drinkin' (oh, oh)
they lose it when the dj drops the needle (and they lose it)

--- Migos - Bad and Boujee ---
you know, young rich niggas
you know somethin', we ain't really never had no old money
we got a whole lotta new money though, hah
(if young metro don't trust you, i'm gon' shoot you)
hey
raindrop (drip), drop-top (drop-top)
smokin' on cookie in the hotbox (cookie)
fuckin' on your bitch, she a thot, thot (thot)
cookin' up dope in the crockpot (pot)
we came from nothin' to somethin', nigga (hey)
i don't trust nobody, grip the trigger (nobody)
call up the gang and they come and get ya (gang)
cry me a river, give you a tissue (hey)
my bitch is bad and bougie (bad)
cookin' up dope with a uzi (blaow)
my niggas is savage, ruthless (savage)
we got 30s and hundred-rounds too (grrah)
my bitch is bad and bougie (bad)
cookin' up dope with a uzi (dope)
my niggas is savage, ruthless (hey)
we got 30s and hundred-rounds too (glah)
offset, woo, woo, woo, woo, woo
rackaids on rackaids (racks), got back-ends on back-ends
i'm ridin' around in a coupe (coupe)
i take your bih' right from you (you)
bitch, i'm a dog, roof (rrr)
beat the ho walls loose (hey)
hop in the frog, whoo (skrrt)
i tell that bih' to come comfort me (comfort me)
i swear these niggas is under me (hey)
they hate and the devil keep jumpin' me (jumpin' me)
bankrolls on me keep me company (cash)
ayy, we do the most (most)
yeah, pull up in ghosts (woo)
yeah, my diamond's a choker (glah)
holdin' the fire with no holster (blaow)
rick the ruler, diamonds cooler (cooler)
this a rollie, not a muller (hey)
dabbin' on 'em like the usual (dab)
magic with the brick, do voodoo (magic)
courtside with a bad bitch (bitch)
then i send the bitch through uber (go)
i'm young and rich and plus i'm bougie (hey)
i'm not stupid so i keep the uzi (rrah)
rackaids on rackaids, got back-ends on back-ends
so my money makin' my back ache (aagh)
you niggas got a low act rate (act)
we from the nawf, yeah, dat way (nawf)
fat cookie blunt in the ashtray (cookie)
two bitches, just national smash day (smash)
hop in the lamb', have a drag race (skrrt)
i let them birds take a bath, bae (brr)
raindrop (drip), drop-top (drop-top)
smokin' on cookie in the hotbox (cookie)
fuckin' on your bitch, she a thot, thot (thot)
cookin' up dope in the crockpot (pot)
we came from nothin' to somethin', nigga (hey)
i don't trust nobody, grip the trigger (nobody)
call up the gang and they come and get ya (gang)
cry me a river, give you a tissue (hey)
my bitch is bad and bougie (bad)
cookin' up dope with a uzi (blaow)
my niggas is savage, ruthless (savage)
we got 30s and hundred-rounds too (grrah)
my bitch is bad and bougie (bad)
cookin' up dope with a uzi (dope)
my niggas is savage, ruthless (hey)
we got 30s and hundred-rounds too (glah)
pour a four, i'm droppin' muddy, outer space, kid cudi (drank)
introduce me to your bitch as wifey and we know she sluttin' (bitch)
broke a brick down, nutty buddy, now that nigga duckin' (phew)
don't move too fast, i might shoot ya (huh?)
draco bad and bougie (draco)
i'm always hangin' with shooters (brrah)
might be posted somewhere secluded (private)
still be playin' with pots and pans, call me quavo ratatouille (cook it up)
run with that sack, call me boobie (run with it)
when i'm on stage, show me boobies (ayy)
ice on my neck, i'm the coolest (ice)
hop out the suicide with the uzi (pew-pew-pew)
i pull up, i pull up, i pull up
i hop out with all of the drugs and the good luck (skrrt)
i'm cookin', i'm cookin', i'm whippin'
i'm whippin' until it rock up, let it lock up (lock up)
i gave her ten racks
i told her go shoppin' and spend it all at the pop up (ten)
these bitches, they fuck and suck dick
and they bustin' for instagram, get your clout up
uh, yeah, that way (yeah)
float on the track like a segway (go)
yeah, that way (dat way)
i used to trap by the subway (trappin', trappin')
yeah, that way (go)
young nigga trap with the ak (rrah, uh)
yeah, that way (yeah)
big dyke ho, get the door, macy gray (hey)
raindrop (drip), drop-top (drop-top)
smokin' on cookie in the hotbox (cookie)
fuckin' on your bitch, she a thot, thot (thot)
cookin' up dope in the crockpot (pot)
we came from nothin' to somethin', nigga (hey)
i don't trust nobody, grip the trigger (nobody)
call up the gang and they come and get ya (gang)
cry me a river, give you a tissue (hey)
my bitch is bad and bougie (bad)
cookin' up dope with a uzi (blaow)
my niggas is savage, ruthless (savage)
we got 30s and hundred-rounds too (grrah)
my bitch is bad and bougie (bad)
cookin' up dope with a uzi (dope, huh?)
my niggas is savage, ruthless (hey, what?)
we got 30s and hundred-rounds too (glah, lil uzi)
yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah (yeah)
my bitch, she bad to the bone (she what?)
ayy, wait, these niggas watchin'
i swear to god they be my clones (they watchin')
yeah, hey, huh
switchin' my hoes like my flows (what?)
switchin' my flows like my clothes (like what?)
keep on shootin' that gun, don't reload (damn)
ooh, ooh, now she want fuck with my crew (my crew)
'cause the money come all out the roof (damn, damn)
drive the 'rari, that bitch got no roof (skrrt)
wait, what kind of 'rari? (wait) 458 (damn)
all of these niggas, they hate (they hate)
try to hide, shoot through the gate (wow)
look, go to strip club, make it rain, yeah
so much money they use rakes (they use rakes)
count a hundred thousand in your face (in your face)
yeah, then put 300 right in the safe (yeah)
met her today, yeah (ooh)
she talk to me like she knew me, yeah (ooh)
go to sleep in a jacuzzi, yeah (yeah)
wakin' up right to a two-piece, yeah
countin' that paper like loose-leaf, yeah
gettin' that chicken with blue cheese, yeah
boy, you so fake, like my collar, you snakin'
i swear to god that be that gucci (ayy)
and you know we winnin' (winnin')
yeah, we is not losin'
try to play your song, it ain't move me (what?)
saw your girl once, now she choosin', yeah (hey!)
raindrop (drip), drop-top (drop-top)
smokin' on cookie in the hotbox (cookie)
fuckin' on your bitch, she a thot, thot (thot, yeah)
cookin' up dope in the crockpot (pot)
we came from nothin' to somethin', nigga (hey)
i don't trust nobody, grip the trigger (nobody, yeah)
call up the gang and they come and get ya (gang)
cry me a river, give you a tissue (hey, lil uzi)
my bitch is bad and bougie (bad, she bad)
cookin' up dope with a uzi (blaow, cookin' up, cookin' up)
my niggas is savage, ruthless (savage, they savage)
we got 30s and hundred-rounds too (grrah)
my bitch is bad and bougie (bad)
cookin' up dope with a uzi (dope, what?)
my niggas is savage, ruthless (hey, yeah)
we got 30s and hundred-rounds too (lil uzi)

--- Offset - Ric Flair Drip ---
(bijan 4 the 1 time)metro boomin want some more, nigga!
 (hey)
going to the jeweler, bust the ap, yeah (bust it)
slide on the water like a jet-ski, yeah (woo, slide)
i'm tryna fuck you and your bestie, yeah (hey)
chopper with the scope so do not test me, (drrt) yeah (drrt)
ric flair drip, go "woo" on a bitch (woo)
57 90, split the coupe on my wrist (ice)
multi-million dollar, i'm a fool with the hits (ayy)
hop up in the lamb' and drop the roof, show the tits (skrrt)
poppin' but you really not gon' shoot (pop)
90 pointers down my diamonds look like hula hoops (90)
hop in my bentayga and the seat is a masseuse (hey)
balenciaga, check my posture, valentino boots (ooh-ooh)
it's the boominati way, a lotta lambs, a lotta wraiths (boominati)
never hesitate to give a nigga yellow tape (grrt)
ain't worried 'bout the bag 'cause the cash accumulatin' (bags)
soon as we came in the game, all these niggas they imitate it (hey)
put my mind on it then i put my grind on it (grind)
put the iron on him if a nigga my opponent (iron)
my car 500 and i don't put no miles on it (ho)
i was runnin' 'round homie, with 500 thou' on me (ho)
going to the jeweler, bust the ap, yeah (bust it)
slide on the water like a jet-ski, yeah (woo, slide)
i'm tryna fuck you and your bestie, yeah (hey)
chopper with the scope so do not test me, (drrt) yeah (drrt)
ric flair drip, go "woo" on a bitch (woo)
57 90, split the coupe on my wrist (ice)
multi-million dollar, i'm a fool with the hits (ayy)
hop up in the lamb' and drop the roof, show the tits (offset)
told my fam, got the gang with me (gang with me)
bought my first patek, it got some rain on it (patek)
nigga, we used to kick it, how you hatin' on me? (how? how?)
hop in the bentley coupe and blow the brains out it (skrrt!)
we not the same, my nigga
my nigga, we from the north division (north, nawf)
aim at your brain, yea we bought ya just like it's an auction, ain't it (hey)
beat the chopper, hundred round total, like it's car collision (brrt-brrt)
i made that shit mandatory, that means i had to get it (hey)
my shooter be begging "please", he ready to wack a nigga (please, please)
i gave a nigga a diamond, i had to cap a nigga (woo)
i'm giving your ho away like she a raffle, nigga (here, here)
we get at it, then we 'gone pray with the pastor's scriptures (hey)
going to the jeweler, bust the ap, yeah (bust it)
slide on the water like a jet-ski, yeah (woo, slide)
i'm tryna fuck you and your bestie, yeah (hey)
chopper with the scope so do not test me, (drrt) yeah (drrt)
ric flair drip, go "woo" on a bitch (woo)
57 90, split the coupe on my wrist (ice)
multi-million dollar, i'm a fool with the hits (ayy)
hop up in the lamb' and drop the roof, show the tits (skrrt)
going to the jeweler, bust the ap, yeah (bust it)
slide on the water like a jet-ski, yeah (woo, slide)
i'm tryna fuck you and your bestie, yeah (hey)
chopper with the scope so do not test me, (drrt) yeah (drrt)
ric flair drip, go "woo" on a bitch (woo)
57 90, split the coupe on my wrist (ice)
multi-million dollar, i'm a fool with the hits (ayy)
hop up in the lamb' and drop the roof, show the tits (skrrt)

--- 21 Savage - a lot ---
i love you
turn my headphone down a little bit, yeah
for so many reasons
yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah (i do), yeah, yeah yeah yeah
yeah, yeah, ah, ah, woah, woah, woah, yeah
how much money you got? (straight up)
how much money you got? (straight up)
how much money you got? (straight up)
how much money you got? (a lot)
how much money you got? (a lot)
how many problems you got? (a lot)
how many people done doubted you? (a lot)
left you out to rot? (a lot)
how many pray that you flop? (a lot)
how many lawyers you got? (a lot)
how many times you got shot? (a lot)
how many niggas you shot? (a lot)
how many times did you ride? (a lot)
how many niggas done died? (a lot)
how many times did you cheat? (a lot)
how many times did you lie? (a lot)
how many times did she leave? (a lot)
how many times did she cry? (a lot)
how many chances she done gave you fuckin around with these thots? (a lot)
every day that i'm alive, i’ma ride with the stick
i'd rather be broke in jail than be dead and rich
told my brothers take my breath if i turn to a snitch
but i'm 21 4l, ain’t no way i'ma switch
break it down, i break it down
i break it down, i break it down
i break it down, i break it down
i break it down, i break it down
penitentiary chances just to make a couple bucks
my heart so cold i could put it in my cup
gang vs. the world, me and my dawg, it was us
then you went and wrote a statement, and that really fucked me up
my brother lost his life and it turned me to a beast
my brother got life and it turned me to the streets
i been through the storm and it turned me to a g
but the other side was sunny, i get paid to rap on beats
how much money you got? (a lot)
how many problems you got? (a lot)
how many people done doubted you? (a lot)
left you out to rot? (a lot)
how many pray that you flop? (a lot)
how many lawyers you got? (a lot)
how many times you got shot? (a lot)
how many niggas you shot? (a lot)
how many times did you ride? (a lot)
how many niggas done died? (a lot)
how many times did you cheat? (a lot)
how many times did you lie? (a lot)
how many times did she leave? (a lot)
how many times did she cry? (a lot)
how many chances she done gave you?
fuck around with these thots (a lot)
break it on down, i break it on down
i break it on down, i break it on down
yeah, i just came from the a
i drove back home, six-hour drive, six-and-a-half
before i left, i stopped by to see my nigga 21 in the studio
he had two of his kids with him right in the studio, that's when i knew
you a stand-up nigga, i love seein' shit like that
question
how many faking they streams? (a lot)
getting they plays from machines? (a lot)
i can see behind the smoke and mirrors
niggas ain't really big as they seem (hmm)
i never say anything (nah), everybody got they thing (true)
some niggas make millions, other niggas make memes (hmm)
i'm on a money routine
i don't want smoke, i want cream
i don't want no more comparisons
this is a marathon and i’m aware
i been playing it back from a lack of promotions
i never was one for the bragging and boasting
i guess i was hoping the music would speak for itself, but the people want everything else
okay, no problem, i’ll show up on everyone album
you know what the outcome will be
i'm batting a thousand
it’s got to the point that these rappers don't even like rappin' with me
fuck it 'cause my nigga 21 savage just hit me
and told me he saved me a spot on a new record he got
he call it "a lot," i open my book and i jot
pray for tekashi, they want him to rot
i picture him inside a cell on a cot
’flectin' on how he made it to the top
wondering if it was worth it or not
i pray for markelle 'cause they fucked up his shot
just want you to know that you got it, my nigga
though i never met you, i know that you special
and that the lord blessed you, don't doubt it, my nigga
dennis smith, jr., stay solid, my nigga
i'm on a tangent, not how i planned it
i had some fans that hopped and abandoned ship
when they thought that i wasn't gon' pan out, i got a plan
they say that success is the greatest revenge, tell all your friends
cole on a mission, cementin' the spot as the greatest that did it
before it all ends, nigga
how much money you got? (a lot)
how many problems you got? (a lot)
how many people done doubted you? (a lot)
left you out to rot? (a lot)
how many pray that you flop? (a lot)
how many lawyers you got? (a lot)
how many times you got shot? (a lot)
how many niggas you shot? (a lot)
how many times did you ride? (a lot)
how many niggas done died? (a lot)
how many times did you cheat? (a lot)
how many times did you lie? (a lot)
how many times did she leave? (a lot)
how many times did she cry? (a lot)
how many chances she done gave you?
fuck around with these thots (a lot)
break it on down, i break it on down
i break it on down, i break it on down
i break it down, i break it down
i break it down, i break it down
i break it on down, i break it down
i break it down, i break it down
i break it down, i break it down
i break it down, i break it down, i br-

--- DaBaby - Suge ---
pooh, you a f
oo
l for this one
ha
oh lord, jetson made another one
hah
pack in the mail, it's gone (uh)
she like how i smell, cologne (yeah)
i just signed a deal, i'm on
yeah, yeah
i go where i want, i'm good (good)
play if you want, let's do it (ha)
i'm a young ceo, suge (yeah)
yeah, yeah
the first nigga play, i'ma body a nigga (ha)
i just checked my balance
i'll probably pull up to your hood
and come buy me a nigga (no cap)
you know that your ho told you that nigga crazy
don't think that she lied to you, nigga (bitch)
get caught with your ho when i'm poppin' 'em both
now they high just like bobby and whitney (haa)
say i'm the g.o.a.t., act like i don't know
but fuck it, i'm obviously winnin'
don't make me go hit the bank and take out a hundred
to show you our pockets are different (ha)
i'm out with your bitch and i only want knowledge
she got a lil' mileage, i'm chillin' (uh)
you disrespect me and i'll beat your ass up
all in front of your partners and children (ahh, ahh)
i'm the type to let a nigga think that i'm broke
until i pop out with a million (i pop)
take 20k and put that on your head
and make one of your partners come kill you (yeah)
say he fuckin' with me then he gotta grow up
'cause this nigga gotta be kiddin' (kiddin')
this shit, it can't fit in my pocket
i got it, like i hit the lottery, nigga (hot, hot, hot)
opp, i'll slap the shit out a nigga
no talkin', i don't like to argue with niggas (i don't)
ain't gon' be no more laughin'
you see me whip out 'cause i'm gon' be done shot me a nigga (no cap)
i don't follow no bitches on ig
but all of your bitches, they follow a nigga (ha)
and that lil' nigga ain't gon' shoot shit with that gun
he just pull it out in his pictures (bitch, uh)
hah
pack in the mail, it's gone (uh)
she like how i smell, cologne (yeah)
i just signed a deal, i'm on
yeah, yeah
i go where i want, i'm good (good)
play if you want, let's do it (ha)
i'm a young ceo, suge (yeah)
yeah, yeah
hah
pack in the mail, it's gone (uh)
she like how i smell, cologne (yeah)
i just signed a deal, i'm on
yeah, yeah
i go where i want
i'm good (good)
play if you want, let's do it (ha)
i'm a young ceo, suge (yeah)
yeah, yeah
talkin' my shit, i'ma pop that (pop)
got like thirty-two thousand in one of my pockets
the other one, that's where the glock at (glock)
you little niggas wanna be internet gangster
man, tell all these little niggas stop that (ha)
been done burnt me a nigga in front of the store
where your mammy and grandmama shop at (bitch)
hopped out on a whole other wave from these niggas
let's see one of you little niggas top that
i will turn a nigga into a convertible
push me a lil' nigga top back (vroom)
her boyfriend be hatin' and callin' her groupie
just 'cause she like all my music (ha)
she'll send me a text and then delete the message
he tryna find out, it's confusin'
i don't know what these niggas is thinkin' about
use the brain in your head 'fore you lose it (bitch)
i'll pull up after school and i'll teach her some shit
tell your bro i'm a motherfuckin' tutor
'member i used to cheat off a pretty bitch test
all the teachers, they thought i was stupid (uh huh)
was expectin' the box to pull up on a truck
man, this nigga pulled up on a scooter (the fuck?)
hah
pack in the mail, it's gone (uh)
she like how i smell, cologne (yeah)
i just signed a deal, i'm on
yeah, yeah
i go where i want, i'm good (good)
play if you want, let's do it (ha)
i'm a young ceo, suge (yeah)
yeah, yeah
hah
pack in the mail, it's gone (uh)
she like how i smell, cologne (yeah)
i just signed a deal, i'm on
yeah, yeah
i go where i want
i'm good (good)
play if you want, let's do it (ha)
i'm a young ceo, suge (yeah)
yeah, yeah

--- Lil Nas X - Albums I’ve Listened To ---
adele - 19
agust d - d-2
aj - 1962
ajr - the click
ajr - living room
ajr - neotheater
ajr - ok orchestra
alec benjamin - mixtape 1: america
alec benjamin - mixtape 2: animal
alec benjamin - mixtape 3: the colin's house mixtape
alec benjamin - narrated for you
alec benjamin - these two windows
ali gatie - you
all time low - wake up, sunshine
american authors - seasons
anderson .paak - malibu
anderson .paak - oxnard
anderson .paak - ventura
andrew luce - lanterns
andy grammer - naive
anitta - kisses
anna nalick - wreck of the day
anne-marie - speak your mind
arctic monkeys - am
arctic monkeys - tranquility base hotel & casino
ari lennox - shea butter baby
ariana grande - dangerous woman
ariana grande - k bye for now (swt live)
ariana grande - positions
ariana grande - sweetener
ariana grande - thank u, next
aries - welcome home
avicii - tim
avril lavigne - head above water
b.keyz - to whom i may concern
baauer - planet's mad
bad bunny - las que no iban a salir
bad bunny - x 100pre
bad bunny - yhlqmdlg
bastille - doom days
bastille - goosebumps
bazzi - cosmic
bazzi - soul searching
bazzi - up next session
the beatles - abbey road
bebe rexha - all your fault: pt. 1
bebe rexha - all your fault: pt. 2
bebe rexha - better mistakes
bebe rexha - expectation
becky g - mala santa
benny blanco - friends keep secrets
beyoncé - lemonade
beyoncé - the lion king: the gift
big sean - detroit 2
billie eilish - billie eilish live at the steve jobs theater
billie eilish - don't smile at me
billie eilish - when we all fall asleep, where do we go?
billy ray cyrus - the snakedoctor circus
blackbear - anonymous
blackbear - cashmere noose
blackbear - dead
blackbear - deadroses
blackbear - digital druglord
blackbear - drink bleach
blackbear - everything means nothing
blackbear - help
blackpink - kill this love
blackpink - square up
blackpink - square two
blackpink - the album
blink-182 - nine
bo burnham - inside (the songs)
bon iver - i,i
bon jovi - this house is not for sale
bonelang - saintmaker
bonelang - sunny, sonny.
bonelang - venn diagrams, pt. 2
a boogie wit da hoodie - artist 2.0
a boogie wit da hoodie - hoodie szn
brandi carlile - by the way, i forgive you
brandyn burnette - punch lines from a scattered mind
brandyn burnette - two thousand twelve
breland - breland
breland - rage & sorrow
brian tyler - crazy rich asians (original motion picture soundtrack)
brian tyler - the devil we know (original motion picture soundtrack)
brian tyler - the disappointments room (original motion picture score)
brian tyler - escape room (original motion picture soundtrack)
brian tyler - expendables 3 (original score)
brian tyler - the fate of the furious (original motion picture soundtrack)
brian tyler - five feet apart (original motion picture soundtrack)
brian tyler - furious 7 (original motion picture score)
brian tyler - into the storm (original motion picture soundtrack)
brian tyler - the mummy (original motion picture soundtrack)
brian tyler - now you see me 2 (original motion picture soundtrack)
brian tyler - power rangers (original motion picture soundtrack)
brian tyler - teenage mutant ninja turtles: the score
brian tyler - truth (original motion picture soundtrack)
brian tyler - what men want (music from the motion picture)
brian tyler - xxx: return of xander cage  (music from the motion picture)
brian tyler - yellowstone (original television series soundtrack)
bring me the horizon - amo
bring me the horizon - music to listen to~dance to~blaze to~pray to~feed to~sleep to~talk to~grind to~trip to~breathe to~help to~hurt to~scroll to~roll to~love to~hate to~learn too~plot to~play to~be to~feel to~breed to~sweat to~dream to~hide to~live to~die to~go to
brockhampton - ginger
brockhampton - iridescence
brockhampton - roadrunner: new light, new machine
bruno mars - doo-wops & hooligans
bruno mars - unorthodox jukebox
bruno mars - 24k magic
bryce vine - carnival
bryson tiller - a n n i v e r s a r y
bts - map of the soul : persona
bts - map of the soul : 7
burna boy - twice as tall
cage the elephant - social cues
camila cabello - camila
camila cabello - new music daily presents: camila cabello
camila cabello - romance
cardi b - invasion of privacy
caribou - suddenly
carly pearce - carly pearce
carly rae jepsen - dedicated
carly rae jepsen - dedicated side b
carly rae jepsen - e•mo•tion
the carters - everything is love
cashmere cat - princess catgirl
catfish and the bottlemen - the balance
cécile mclorin salvant - the window
the chainsmokers - memories...do not open
the chainsmokers - sick boy
the chainsmokers - world war joy
chance the rapper - the big day
chance the rapper - coloring book
charli xcx - charli
charli xcx - how i'm feeling now
charlie puth - nine track mind
charlie puth - voicenotes
chelsea cutler - how to be human
the chemical brothers - no geography
childish gambino - awaken, my love!
childish gambino - 3.15.20
chloe x halle - ungodly hour
chris brown - indigo
chris brown & young thug - slime & b
christina aguilera - liberation
christopher larkin - hollow knight
christopher larkin - hollow knight: gods & nightmares
clairo - immunity
clean bandit - what is love?
coin - dreamland
coldplay - coldplay: reimagined
coldplay - ghost stories
coldplay - parachutes
coldplay - a rush of blood to the head
conan gray - kid krow
corn on my dinner plate - corn for two
c418 - minecraft - volume alpha
dababy - baby on baby
dababy - blame it on baby
dababy - kirk
dababy - my brother's keeper (long live g)
daft punk - random access memories
dan + shay - dan + shay
daniel caesar - case study 01
dave - titanium & mercury
david guetta - nothing but the beat
david guetta - nothing but the beat 2.0
david guetta - 7
david hyde pierce & debra monk - curtains (2007)
dean lewis - a place we knew
deathbyromy - love u - to death
death cab for cutie - transatlanticism
death grips - the money store
demi lovato - confident
demi lovato - demi
denzel curry - zuu
diplo - diplo presents thomas wesley, chapter 1: snake oil
dj khaled - father of asahd
dj khaled - grateful
dj khaled - khaled khaled
dmx - exodus
dnce - dnce
dnce - people to people
doja cat - hot pink
doja cat - planet her
dominic fike - what could possibly go wrong
don toliver - heaven or hell
drake - the best in the world pack
drake - care package
drake - dark lane demo tapes
drake - scary hours
drake - scary hours 2
drake - scorpion
drake - take care
drake - views
dreamville & j. cole - revenge of the dreamers iii
dua lipa - dua lipa
dua lipa - future nostalgia
dusted - blackout summer
earth, wind & fire - greatest hits
echosmith - inside a dream
echosmith - lonely generation
ed sheeran - plus
ed sheeran - divide
ed sheeran - multiply
ed sheeran - no.6 collaborations project
eden - vertigo
electric light orchestra - no answer
eminem - kamikaze
eminem - music to be murdered by
eminem - the slim shady lp
eric bellinger - saved by the bellinger
eurovision song contest - eurovision song contest: tel aviv 2019
fall out boy - american beauty / american psycho
fall out boy - m a  n   i    a
finneas - blood harmony
fitz and the tantrums - songs for a breakup, vol. 1
fka twigs - magdalene
fletcher - you ruined new york city for me
flo rida - my house
flo rida - wild ones
flume - hi this is flume
flying lotus - yasuke
frank ocean - blonde
frank ocean - channel orange
french montana - montana
future - future hndrxx presents: the wizrd
future - high off life
future - save me
future & lil wayne - superfly
g-eazy - scary nights
glass animals - dreamland
the glorious sons - a war on everything
gnash - we
goldn - bakman ave
goldn - happysad
grandson - death of an optimist
gunna - wunna
guns n' roses - appetite for destruction
hailee steinfeld - half written story
halsey - badlands
halsey - hopeless fountain kingdom
halsey - manic
halsey - room 93
harry styles - fine line
harry styles - harry styles
hayley kiyoko - i'm too sensitive for this s**t
hayley williams - petals for armor i
h.e.r. - back of my mind
hikaru utada - face my fears
himesh patel - yesterday (original motion picture soundtrack)
hootie & the blowfish - imperfect circle
hozier - nina cried power
hozier - wasteland, baby!
iamnotshane - iamnotshane
iann dior - i'm gone
iann dior - still here
iggy azalea - in my defense
illenium - ascend
illenium - fallen embers
ilovemakonnen - m3
imagine dragons - evolve
imagine dragons - hell and silence
imagine dragons - imagine dragons
imagine dragons - it's time
imagine dragons - night visions
imagine dragons - origins
imagine dragons - smoke + mirrors
imagine dragons - speak to me
imagine dragons - 2008 demos
ingrid andress - lady like
isaac dunbar - balloons don't float here
iyla - other ways to vent
j balvin - colores
j balvin & bad bunny - oasis
j. cole - kod
j. cole - lewis street
j. cole - the off-season
jack harlow - that's what they all say
jaden - ctv3: cool tape vol. 3
jaden - erys
jaden - the sunset tapes
jake owen - greetings from...jake
james arthur - you
james blake - assume form
james hannigan - ea music composer series: james hannigan, vol. 1
janelle monáe - dirty computer
japanese breakfast - jubilee
jason mraz - love is a four letter word
jay electronica - a written testimony
jeff goldblum & the mildred snitzer orchestra - i shouldn't be telling you this
jeremy zucker - love is not dying
jeremy zucker & chelsea cutler - brent
john legend - bigger love
joji - ballads 1
joji - in tongues
joji - nectar
jon bellion - the definition
jon bellion - glory sound prep
jon bellion - the human condition
jon bellion - the separation
jon bellion - translations through speakers
jonas brothers - a little bit longer
jonas brothers - happiness begins
joseph william morgan - run for cover
joshua bassett - joshua bassett
judah & the lion - folk hop n' roll
judah & the lion - pep talks
juice wrld - death race for love
juice wrld - legends never die
julia michaels - inner monologue, pt. 1
julia michaels - inner monologue, part 2
julia michaels - not in chronological order
justin bieber - changes
justin bieber - freedom.
justin bieber - justice
justin bieber - purpose
justin timberlake - man of the woods
kacey musgraves - golden hour
kali uchis - to feel alive
kamasi washington - heaven and earth
kanye west - the college dropout
kanye west - graduation
kanye west - jesus is king
kanye west - the life of pablo
kanye west - my beautiful dark twisted fantasy
kanye west - ye
kanye west - yeezus
kanye west - 808s & heartbreak
katy perry - smile
katy perry - teenage dream
katy perry - witness
k/da - all out
kehlani - it was good until it wasn't
kehlani - while we wait
kelsea ballerini - kelsea
kendrick lamar - black panther: the album (music from and inspired by)
kendrick lamar - damn.
kendrick lamar - to pimp a butterfly
kesha - high road
k.flay - inside voices
k.flay - solutions
khalid - american teen
khalid - free spirit
khalid - suncity
khruangbin & leon bridges - texas sun
kid cudi - man on the moon: the end of day
the kid laroi - fuck love
the kid laroi - fuck love (savage)
the kid laroi - fuck love 3: over you
kids see ghosts - kids see ghosts
kim petras - clarity
kim petras - turn off the light
kloud - burn me
ksi - all over the place
kurt hugo schneider - kurt & company vol 1
kurt hugo schneider - kurt's oldies, vol. 1
kurt hugo schneider - kurt's oldies, vol. 2
kygo - golden hour
kyle - light of mine
lady antebellum - ocean
lady gaga - chromatica
lana del rey - born to die
lana del rey - norman fucking rockwell
lane 8 - brightest lights
lany - malibu nights
lauren jenkins - no saint
lauv - ~how i'm feeling~
lauv - i met you when i was 18.
lauv - without you
lawrence - breakfast
lawrence - living room
lbs kee'vin - belair baby
league of legends - the music of league of legends
league of legends - the music of league of legends: season 1 (original game soundtrack)
league of legends - the music of league of legends: season 2 (original game soundtrack)
league of legends - the music of league of legends: season 3 (original game soundtrack)
league of legends - the music of league of legends: season 4 (original game soundtrack)
league of legends - the music of league of legends: season 5 (original game soundtrack)
league of legends - the music of league of legends: season 6 (original game soundtrack)
league of legends - the music of league of legends: season 7 (original game soundtrack)
league of legends - the music of league of legends: season 8 (original game soundtrack)
league of legends - the music of league of legends: season 9 (original game soundtrack)
league of legends - warsongs
lewis capaldi - divinely uninspired to a hellish extent
liam payne - first time
liam payne - lp1
lil baby - my turn
lil baby & lil durk - the voice of the heroes
lil nas x - 7
lil peep - come over when you're sober, pt. 2
lil pump - harverd dropout
lil uzi vert - eternal atake
lil uzi vert - luv vs. the world 2
lil wayne - funeral
lil wayne - tha carter v
lil yachty - nuthin' 2 prove
linda diaz - magic
linda diaz - v
lindsey stirling - artemis
linkin park - one more light
lin-manuel miranda - hamilton: an american musical (original broadway cast recording)
lionel richie - icon
little big town - nightfall
little dragon - new me, same us
little mix - lm5
lizzo - coconut oil
lizzo - cuz i love you
logic - bobby tarantino ii
logic - confessions of a dangerous mind
logic - no pressure
logic - supermarket
london symphony orchestra - holst: the planets, op. 32
loote - heart eyes
lorde - melodrama
lorde - pure heroine
louis tomlinson - walls
lsd - labrinth, sia & diplo present... lsd
luke combs - what you see is what you get
the lumineers - gloria sparks
the lumineers - iii
the lumineers - jimmy sparks
the lumineers - junior sparks
lunchmoney lewis - bills
mac demarco - here comes the cowboy
mac miller - circles
mac miller - the divine feminine
mac miller - swimming
machine gun kelly - hotel diablo
machine gun kelly - tickets to my downfall
maddie & tae - the way it feels
madison beer - life support
madonna - madame x
maggie rogers - heart it in a past life
mansionz - mansionz
marc e. bassy - pmd
marc e. bassy - postmodern depression
marcin przybyłowicz, p.t. adamczyk & paul leonard-morgan - cyberpunk 2077 (original score)
maren morris - girl
mariah carey - caution
mariah the scientist - ry ry world
marina - ancient dreams in a modern land
marina and the diamonds - electra heart
mark ronson - late night feelings
maroon 5 - it won't be soon before long
maroon 5 - jordi
maroon 5 - red pill blues
maroon 5 - v
marshmello - joytime ii
marshmello - joytime iii
meek mill - championships
megan thee stallion - good news
megan thee stallion - fever
megan thee stallion - suga
meghan trainor - treat myself
melanie martinez - k-12
metro boomin - not all heroes wear capes
michael bublé - love
michael jackson - thriller
the midnight monsters
migos - culture
migos - culture ii
migos - culture iii
mike posner - a real good kid
mike posner - keep going
mike posner - tear drops and balloons
mike posner - 31 minutes to takeoff
milck - into gold
miley cyrus - plastic hearts
miley cyrus - she is coming
morgan wallen - dangerous: the double album
mumford & sons - delta
mura mansa - r.y.c
mustard - perfect ten
m83 - dsvii
natalie holt - loki: vol. 1 (episodes 1-3) 
nav - bad habits
nf - the search
nick jonas - spaceman
nicki minaj - the pinkprint
nicki minaj - queen
nicklas sahl - planets
niki - wanna take this downtown?
nina nesbitt - the sun will come up, the seasons will change
nina simone - nina simone's finest hour
noah cyrus - the end of everything
offset - father of 4
ólafur arnalds - some kind of peace
old dominion - old dominion
olivia o'brien - the results of my poor judgement
olivia rodrigo - sour
onerepublic - native
one direction - up all night
oston - sitting at the kids table
owl city - cinematic
owl city - ocean eyes
panic! at the disco - death of a bachelor
panic! at the disco - a fever you can't sweat out
panic! at the disco - pray for the wicked
panic! at the disco - vices & virtues
parquet courts - wide awake!
partynextdoor - partymobile
pattern-seeking animals - pattern-seeking animals
paul mccartney - egypt station
pentakill - smite and ignite
peppa pig - my first album
phoebe bridgers - punisher
pink sweat$ - volume 1
pink sweat$ - volume 2
pitbull - global warming
polo g - hall of fame
polo g - the goat
pop smoke - faith
portugal. the man - in the mountain in the cloud
portugal. the man - woodstock
post malone - beerbongs & bentleys
post malone - hollywood's bleeding
post malone - stoney
powfu - poems of the past
prettymuch - intl:ep
prettymuch - phases
prettymuch - prettymuch an ep
prettymuch - prettymuch so far
public - let's remake it
push baby - woah
pusha t - daytona
pvris - hallucinations
p!nk - hurts 2b human
quavo - quavo huncho
quinn xcii - change of scenery ii
quinn xcii - from michigan with love
quinn xcii - a letter to my younger self
the raconteurs - help us stranger
radiohead - ok computer
rapsody - eve
rence - fall 2019
rex orange county - apricot princess
rex orange county - pony
rich brian - amen
rich brian - the sailor
rico nasty & kenny beats - anger management
rihanna - anti
rihanna - loud
rina sawayama - sawayama
rosé - r
run the jewels - rtj4
russ - just in case
russ - shake the snow globe
sabrina carpenter - singular act ii
salvador sobral - excuse me
sam hunt - montevallo
sam hunt - southside
sam smith - love goes
sam smith - the thrill of it all
sarah barrios - conversations with myself
sarah schachner - assassin's creed origins (original game soundtrack)
the score - pressure
sederwall - game face
selena gomez - rare
selena gomez - revival
selena gomez - 13 reasons why: season 2
shawn mendes - handwritten
shawn mendes - illuminate
shawn mendes - shawn mendes
shawn mendes - wonder
slenderbodies - king & queen
slenderbodies - soraya
soccer mommy - color theory
solange - a seat at the table
solange - when i get home
st. humain - emotional sauna
stephen barton & gordy haab - star wars jedi: fallen order (original video game soundtrack)
steve aoki - neon future iii
steve lacy - apollo xxi
sting & shaggy - 44/876
stormzy - heavy is the head
striking silence - fear of being normal
summer walker - life on earth
sunday service - emmanuel
sunday service choir - jesus is born
surfaces - horizons
surfaces - pacifico
sza - ctrl
takeoff - the last rocket
tame impala - currents
tame impala - the slow rush
tate mcrae - all the things i never said
taylor swift - evermore
taylor swift - fearless (taylor's version)
taylor swift - folklore
taylor swift - lover
taylor swift - red
taylor swift - reputation
taylor swift - taylor swift
taylor swift - 1989
tennis - swimmer
teyana taylor - the album
teyana taylor - vii
thomas rhett - center point road
tink - hopeless romantic
tobymac - the elements
tokyo's revenge - lilium
tones and i - bad child / can't be happy all the time
tory lanez - chixtape 5
tove lo - sunshine kitty
t-pain - 1up
travis mendes - altered state
travis mendes - closure
travis mendes - the phly tape
travis mendes & sneakybeanz - eye to eye
travis scott - astroworld
trevor daniel - homesick
trevor daniel - nicotine
trevor daniel - restless
trippie redd - a love letter to you 3
trippie redd - a love letter to you 4
trippie redd - ! (exclamation mark)
troye sivan - bloom
twenty one pilots - scaled and icy
twenty one pilots - trench
twice - taste of love
tyga - legendary
tyler, the creator - call me if you get lost
tyler, the creator - flower boy
tyler, the creator - igor
tyler, the creator - music inspired by illumination & dr. seuss
uniiqu3 - phase 3
usher - 8701
vampire weekend - father of the bride
the vamps - missing you
various artists - aladdin (2019)
various artists - assassin's creed iv black flag (sea shanty edition)
various artists - assassin's creed iv black flag (sea shanty edition), vol 2
various artists - beauty and the beast (2017)
various artists - birds of prey: the album
various artists - camp rock 2: the final jam (2010)
various artists - charlie's angels (2019)
various artists - chicago (1975)
various artists - cyberpunk 2077: radio, vol. 1
various artists - cyberpunk 2077: radio, vol. 2
various artists - disney's greatest, vol. 1
various artists - disney's greatest, vol. 2
various artists - dr. seuss' the grinch (2018)
various artists - eurovision song contest: the story of fire saga (music from the netflix film)
various artists - fast & furious presents hobbs & shaw (2019)
various artists - for the throne
various artists - frozen (2013)
various artists - frozen 2 (2019)
various artists - the great showman (2017)
various artists - the greatest showman: reimagined
various artists - high school musical (2006)
various artists - high school musical 2 (2007)
various artists - high school musical 3 (2008)
various artists - the hunchback of notre dame (1999)
various artists - into the woods (2014)
various artists - lemonade mouth (2011)
various artists - la la land (2016)
various artists - les misérables (2012)
various artists - the lion king (1994)
various artists - the lion king (2019)
various artists - marry poppins (1964)
various artists - me before you (2016)
various artists - moana (2016)
various artists - mulan (1998)
various artists - oklahoma! (1955)
various artists - one world: together at home
various artists - over the hedge (2006)
various artists - pitch perfect 2 (2015)
various artists - queen & slim: the soundtrack (2019)
various artists - scoob! the album (2020)
various artists - sing (2016)
various artists - spider-man: into the spider-verse (2018)
various artists - stranger things: soundtrack from the netflix original series, season 3
various artists - suicide squad (2016)
various artists - trolls (2016)
various artists - trolls world tour (2020)
various artists - uglydolls (2019)
various artists - wreck-it ralph (2012)
victoria monét - jaguar
walk the moon - what if nothing
the weeknd - after hours
the weeknd - house of balloons
the weeknd - my dear melancholy,
the weeknd - starboy
weezer - weezer (black album)
weezer - weezer (teal album)
why don't we - 8 letters
willow - lately i feel everything
willow - willow
wiz khalifa - the saga of wiz khalifa
wvnder - nothing stays
x ambassadors - belong
x ambassadors - orion
xxxtentacion - bad vibes forever
xxxtentacion - skins
xxxtentacion - 17
xxxtentacion - ?
ybn cordae - the lost boy
years & years - palo santo
yoasobi - the book
young stoner life - slime language 2
young thug - on the rvn
young thus - so much fun
yungblud - the underrated youth
yungblud - weird!
yung pinch - 4everheartbroke 4
zara larsson - poster girl
zayn - icarus falls
zayn - nobody is listening
the 1975 - a brief inquiry into online relationships
21 savage - i am > i was
311 - voyager
5 seconds of summer - calm
5 seconds of summer - youngblood
5 seconds of summer - 5 seconds of summer
6ix9ine - dummy boy
6lack - 6pc hot ep
88rising - head in the clouds
88rising - head in the clouds ii
$uicideboy$ - stop staring at the shadows

--- YoungBoy Never Broke Again - Outside Today ---
yeah, i ain't going outside today
yeah, pour me up
(dmac got me too bangin')
slatt
tryna hide from the camera
i ain't goin' outside today
couldn't find hi-tec
so i'm drinkin' on act' today
i'ma pull up in style
we gon' do a drive by in the wraith
i'ma take it to trial
pray to lord i beat the case
that money be callin'
i don't do no talkin'
so get the fuck outta my face
got a tec and a chopper
with a hundred thousand dollars up in the wraith
you know i ain't slippin'
you know that i'm with it
i'll shoot him right up in his face
3three say that i'm trippin'
you know that i'm drippin'
i'm wrapped in saran today
i just bought a brand new watch from god
i ain't put it on yet
i don't care 'bout no bitch
i ain't givin' her shit
spend it all on my homies
i can put on my son, from my car to my house
everything, i own it
when it come to that money you know i ain't stuntin'
i be on it
i just got a pet monkey, cashed out on a tiger
but really don't want it, my son don't like him
he say that we beefin', you know i won't fight him
my clip full of thunder, you know that i'll strike 'em
wanna join nba, go and catch you a body
free kevin gates, it's a murder for hire
double g gang on the front of my title
got rid of my glock and i bought me a rifle
tryna hide from the camera, i ain't goin' outside today
couldn't find hi-tec, so i'm drinkin' on act' today
i'ma pull up in style, we gon' do a drive by in the wraith
i'ma take it to trial, pray to lord i beat the case
i jump out at your house
i ain't shootin' from the corner
been bought me a bitch but i really don't want her
i don't do no cappin', i keep it one hunnid
right now i'm recordin' with ten thousand on me
he say he want smoke but i know he don't want it
shoot him and his bitch and i up on his homie
you know how i'm feelin'
i don't got to say it
face every problem all by my lonely
tryna hide from the camera, i ain't goin' outside today
couldn't find hi-tec, so i'm drinkin' on act' today
i'ma pull up in style, we gon' do a drive by in the wraith
i'ma take it to trial, pray to lord i beat the case

--- Polo G - RAPSTAR ---
(shout out my nigga synco)
uh (tuned up), copped a bmw, new deposit, i picked up another bag
like fuck it, i'ma count while i'm in it
i hear planes flyin', crowds screamin', money counters, chains clangin'
shit, i guess that's how it sound when you winnin'
i ain't jokin', do it sound like i'm kiddin'?
i been makin' like two thousand a minute
so high up through the clouds, i was swimmin'
i'm probably gon' drown when i'm in it
i bet she gon' get loud when i'm in it
and we might have a child when i'm finished
uh, i won't love a ho, after we fuck, she can't get near me
only bitch i give a conversation to is siri
my pants amiri, yes, i'm winnin', clearly
i'm the chosen one, seen my potential, so they fear me
lately i've been prayin', god, i wonder, can you hear me?
thinkin' 'bout the old me, i swear i miss you dearly
stay down 'til you come up, i've been stickin' to that theory
every day a battle, i'm exhausted and i'm weary
make sure i smile in public, when alone, my eyes teary
i fought through it all, but that shit hurt me severely
i've been gettin' high to hide behind my insecurities
takin' different pills, but i know it ain't gon'—
uh, copped a bmw, new deposit, i picked up another bag
like fuck it, i'ma count while i'm in it
i hear planes flyin', crowds screamin', money counters, chains clangin'
shit, i guess that's how it sound when you winnin'
i ain't jokin', do it sound like i'm kiddin'?
i been makin' like two thousand a minute
so high up through the clouds, i was swimmin'
i'm probably gon' drown when i'm in it
i bet she gon' get loud when i'm in it (uh, uh)
and we might have a child when i'm finished
they say i'm pac rebirth, never put out a weak verse
homicides when we lurk, i'ma step 'til my feet hurt
been puttin' them streets first
white tees turned burgundy t-shirts
lookin' for somethin' real, he stuck in a deep search
anxiety killin' me, i just want to leave earth
when they ask if i'm okay, it just make everything seem worse
try and explain your feelings, sound like something you rehearsed
stabbed me in my back with a clean smirk
lookin' so deep into your eyes, i can read your thoughts, so
shut the fuck—, i mean, please don't talk
i done been through too much and i don't need another loss
put that on every war scar for every battle i fought
uh, copped a bmw, new deposit, i picked up another bag
like fuck it, i'ma count while i'm in it
i hear planes flyin', crowds screamin', money counters, chains clangin'
shit, i guess that's how it sound when you winnin'
i ain't jokin', do it sound like i'm kiddin'?
i been makin' like two thousand a minute
so high up through the clouds, i was swimmin'
i'm probably gon' drown when i'm in it
i bet she gon' get loud when i'm in it
and we might have a child when i'm finished
when i'm finished, when i'm finished

--- The Kid LAROI - STAY ---
i do the same thing i told you that i never would
i told you i'd change, even when i knew i never could
i know that i can’t find nobody else as good as you
i need you to stay, need you to stay, hey (oh)
i get drunk, wake up, i'm wasted still
i realize the time that i wasted here
i feel like you can't feel the way i feel
oh, i’ll be fucked up if you can't be right here
oh, ooh-woah (oh, ooh-woah, ooh-woah)
oh, ooh-woah (oh, ooh-woah, ooh-woah)
oh, ooh-woah (oh, ooh-woah, ooh-woah)
oh, i'll be fucked up if you can't be right here
i do the same thing i told you that i never would
i told you i'd change, even when i knew i never could
i know that i can't find nobody else as good as you
i need you to stay, need you to stay, hey
i do the same thing i told you that i never would
i told you i'd change, even when i knew i never could
i know that i can't find nobody else as good as you
i need you to stay, need you to stay, hey
when i’m away from you, i miss your touch (ooh)
you’re the reason i believe in love
it's been difficult for me to trust (ooh)
and i’m afraid that i'ma fuck it up
ain't no way that i can leave you stranded
'cause you ain’t ever left me empty-handed
and you know that i know that i can't live without you
so, baby, stay
oh, ooh-woah (oh, ooh-woah, ooh-woah)
oh, ooh-woah (oh, ooh-woah, ooh-woah)
oh, ooh-woah (oh, ooh-woah, ooh-woah)
i'll be fucked up if you can't be right here
i do the same thing i told you that i never would
i told you i'd change, even when i knew i never could
i know that i can't find nobody else as good as you
i need you to stay, need you to stay, hey
i do the same thing i told you that i never would
i told you i'd change, even when i knew i never could
i know that i can't find nobody else as good as you
i need you to stay, need you to stay, hey
woah-oh
i need you to stay, need you to stay, hey

--- Lil Tjay - Calling My Phone ---
steady callin' my phone
i done told you before that it's over, leave me 'lone
know it's hurtin' you to see me gone
dark clouds, you gon' see me storm
i won't go back
but trust me, you're gon' hold that
hold that (mmm, mmm)
get you off my mind now
i can't get you off my mind now
i can't get you off my mind now
i can't get you off my mind now (mmm, mmm)
i can't get you off my mind now
i can't get you off my mind now
i can't get you off my mind now
i can't get you off my mind now (mmm, mmm)
i ain't tryna play these games no more
i don't wanna be textin' your name no more
i ain't tryna feel this pain no more
girl, i'm sorry, but my feelings ain't the same no more (no)
used to be my homie, you ain't gang no more (no)
i am not a nigga you could claim no more (no)
traumatized, hoping it don't rain no more
you done put me through some things that done changed my aura
now all around the world, i explore, no dora
new bitch, i might drip her in dior
ass fat, shawty straight heat, no florida
bad and she do it for herself, i applaud her
no needs, yeah, i'm talkin' my boo
so please, leave me alone i'm through
and it's all 'cause what you started
i been told you you gon' lose (mmm)
steady callin' my phone (brrt)
i done told you before that it's over, leave me 'lone
know it's hurtin' you to see me gone
dark clouds, you gon' see me storm
i won't go back (go back)
but trust me, you're gon' hold that
hold that (mmm, mmm)
get you off my mind now (ooh, wow)
i can't get you off my mind now (yeah, yeah)
i can't get you off my mind now (my mind)
i can't get you off my mind now (mmm, mmm) (alright)
i can't get you off my mind now (woah)
i can't get you off my mind now (woah)
i can't get you off my mind now (yeah)
i can't get you off my mind now (mmm, mmm)
i ain't tryna play no games, my love
i'm one of a kind, couldn't fake, my love
earthquake, make somethin' shake, my love
most of them can't even relate, my love
used to be gang, oh, now you're not gang
used to have fun, no, now you got shame
used to catch flights, but now i'm not playin'
play on words, she love it when a nigga sing
i ain't tryna play your game no more
no, you can't wear my chain no more
we are not a thing, can't take no more
waitin' on your king, you could wait some more
yeah, i remember days when i used to adore her
funny how this shit just flipped like a quarter
get a new thing, i'ma fendi and dior her
get a mood swing, i'll be gone by tomorrow (mmm, mmm)
steady callin' my phone (brrt)
i done told you before that it's over, leave me 'lone (yeah, yeah)
know it's hurtin' you to see me gone
dark clouds, you gon' see me storm
i won't go back (i won't go back)
but trust me, you're gon' hold that (hold that)
hold that (mmm, mmm)
get you off my mind now (mind)
i can't get you off my mind now (mind)
i can't get you off my mind now (mind)
i can't get you off my mind now (mmm, mmm) (mind)
i can't get you off my mind now (mind)
i can't get you off my mind now (mind)
i can't get you off my mind now (yeah)
i can't get you off my mind now (mmm, mmm)
i can't

--- Pop Smoke - Dior ---
(traphouse mob)
huh,  roll another one
said  i'm never lackin', always pistol packing (this is a melo beat)
with them automatics, we gon' send him to heaven (huh)
wait, wait, wait, wait, ayy, ayy, woo (aw, shit), huh (haha)
oh,  you feelin' sturdy, huh? (you feelin' sturdy, baby)
shake  some', huh
shake it, huh, shake it, huh, shake it, huh
she  like the way that i dance
she like the way that i move
she like the way that i rock
she like the way that i woo
and  she let it clap for a nigga
(she let it clap for a nigga)
and she throw it back for a nigga
(yeah, she throw it back for a nigga)
mike amiri, mike amiri
billie jean, billie jean, uh
christian dior, dior
i'm up in all the stores
when it rains, it pours
she like the way i rrr
mike amiri, mike amiri
billie jean, billie jean, uh
christian dior, dior
i'm up in all the stores
when it rains, it pours
she like the way i rrr (rrr)
when i walk in the spot, thirty on me
buy out the club, niggas know that i'm paid
bitch, i'm a thot (uh), get me lit
i can't fuck with these niggas 'cause niggas is gay
all on my page suckin' dick
all in my comments and screamin' my name
while i'm in the club, throwin' them hundreds and fifties and ones and ones (look, look, look, look)
pop smoke, they know i'm wildin'
if i'm on the island, i'm snatchin' the cell
brody got locked, denied his bail (woo)
until he free, i'm raisin' hell
tell my shooters call me facetime (woo)
for all the times we had to face time (uh)
free d-nice, he doin' state time (face time)
if you need the glizzy, you could take mine (time)
please don't come out your mouth, you know i'm like that (take mine)
i'll make a movie like tnt (grrt, baow)
glock 30 on me, ask who really want it
i bet i air it like bnb
nappy blue wildin' in my section
and i keep that .38 for the weapon
remember when i came home from corrections (uh-huh)
all the bad bitches in my direction (uh)
she like the way that i dance
she like the way that i move
she like the way that i rock
she like the way that i woo
and she let it clap for a nigga
(she let it clap for a nigga)
and she throw it back for a nigga
(yeah, she throw it back for a nigga)
mike amiri, mike amiri
billie jean, billie jean, uh
christian dior, dior
i'm up in all the stores
when it rains, it pours
she like the way i rrr
mike amiri, mike amiri
billie jean, billie jean, uh
christian dior, dior
i'm up in all the stores
when it rains, it pours
she like the way i rrr
(traphouse mob)

--- Central Cee - Loading ---
(hargo production)
cee don't be on the road too tough
but i still cut through with the local thugs (thugs)
coulda ran off the plug
but i kept it real and i showed him love (showed him love)
lil'-lil' bro got the poker tucked
where we grow up, it's so corrupt
fans see me on the block, go nuts
i'm not in my bag, i'm loading, loading
back then, it was hand-to-hand
nowadays, i don't have no involvement
in the trap, i'll stay on my own
i'm home alone, macaulay culkin
yj no commented it
it's complicated, 'cause the case still open
the boys in blue tryna find them clues
in the station, problem-solving
bro just jumped out the ride with a mask on, face likе he dodging covid (bah)
jumped off the porch and wеnt my own way, no way, i don't owe no olders (no way)
free all the guys and rest in peace to all of the fallen soldiers
the world full up of impactive distractions so we all lose focus (haha)
i think out loud, what comes out my mouth, i can't control it
live yours on the chain, i'm so lit, soon come out with the custom clothing
fuck sake, you must be joking, cids outside of the cut, patrollin'
how-how did they know 'bout the ins and outs? somebody must've told 'em
cee don't be on the road too tough
but i still cut through with the local thugs (thugs)
could've ran off the plug
but i kept it real and i showed him love (showed him love)
lil'-lil' bro got the poker tucked (tucked)
where we grow up, it's so corrupt (so corrupt)
fans see me on the block, go nuts
i'm not in my bag, i'm loading, loading
back then, it was hand-to-hand
nowadays, i don't have no involvement
in the trap, i'll stay on my own
i'm home alone, macaulay culkin
yj no commented it
it's complicated, 'cause the case still open
the boys in blue tryna find them clues
in the station, problem-solving
cee don't do no fraud, i trap, say "yo" to the local cat (yo)
see me on the road, all black
my foot on the gas and i won't fall back
bro been in a jail and he won't go back
i fucked bare hoes and they ain't all that
i'm missing their call and i won't phone back
it's time that i find me a wife
more time, i don't have no type
but i wouldn't mind me a liyah mai (okay)
treat her right, i'd try (alright)
finer things in life, i'd buy (okay)
wanna wine and dine, that's fine
if we go uptown, gotta hold that (whoosh)
wanna fly dubai tonight? lastminute.com, i'll book that flight
cee don't be on the road too tough
but i still cut through with the local thugs (thugs)
could've ran off the plug
but i kept it real and i showed him love (showed him love)
lil'-lil' bro got the poker tucked
where we grow up, it's so corrupt
fans see me on the block, go nuts
i'm not in my bag, i'm loading, loading
back then, it was hand-to-hand
nowadays, i don't have no involvement
in the trap, i'll stay on my own
i'm home alone, macaulay culkin
yj no commented it
it's complicated, 'cause the case still open
the boys in blue tryna find them clues
in the station, problem-solving
(hargo production)

--- DigDat - AirForce ---
6 shell productions
i was on the roads tryna double up
home, now i wanna see my p's just triple
had to run a boy down in my air force
pissed, cah now they got a crease in the middle
are you sure this corn will fit this wap?
bro-bro these teeth ain't little
see a hottie with the biggest back
b, i'm not sure if 'dem jeans fit you
ayy, yo, it's dotty on the beat
ayy, czr, you did a mazza still
hello
i was on the roads tryna double up
home, now i wanna see my p's just triple
had to run a boy down in my air force
pissed, cah now they got a crease in the middle
are you sure this corn will fit this wap?
bro-bro these teeth ain't little (nah)
see a hottie with the biggest back
b, i'm not sure if 'dem jeans fit you
excuse me miss, where you from?
my name's digs—ask what i'm on
i just got back from a stretch
they didn't miss me when i was gone
now i'm tryna not miss these sales
i get pissed when the ringtone stops (brr)
what you know about sitting in jail
and you feel like the pillow's giving you spots? (what you know?)
whoever said that it's live are liars
white serco, black car tyres
bag of high fences and barb wires (high fence)
my shank, sharp like a guillotine
long like limousine knife work cray, cray
rudeboy, i do you up differently (ching)
hood on my head past twelve
now they can't see his face too visually (nah)
see the green and red on my belts
so you know that it came from italy
sun's out, air force 1's out
had to run a boy over the grass
they stay on their marks
get set, go and just blow so fast (where ya going?)
she's like coca-cola, golden
can't you see her glow from far?
this slate got meet up late
putting it all into stones of dark (chop it)
just bring it up front like rooney
s move like diego costa (tap that)
told her my life's like a movie
you ain't gotta go cinema
i can't bring home these groupies
plus her boyfriend knows who we are
said he's on me, you're kidding
you don't wanna end up on the hit list
s got his rambo's twinnin'
steppin' with mine, so we're calling them triplets (three of them)
and everything i dig these days
just wanna know digdat's business
let me chop and weigh this o
got bisheads ordering bundles
not one tick, better pay as you go
this buj just runs black liquid (it's black)
stick handle wood, it's vintage
and i don't wanna pick up the food
but i might sound rude if he don't give pictures
my phone just came encrypted
want me in a case but it just got lifted
hit a three on two times two
that's ten-man serving 'em one-by-one (line it)
hop out 'dem four-by-four on three-man, got two, one try run
(hop out the four by fours on three-man, got two, one try run)
i was on the roads tryna double up
home, now i wanna see my p's just triple
had to run a boy down in my air force
pissed, cah now they got a crease in the middle
whole of your head turn cheerio
bally on my face like rey mysterio
this bally's on inside-out
outside in my aj, i'm sporty
see bro with his daydate 40
still getting cash, get paid they call me
big guns like ak40's (big ones)
get the white out no ticks
bad b, why your eyebrows so thick?
flip one, my favourite tool
you ain't getting that back gotta leave it all in him (just leave it)
just squeeze one hand in my glove
xl, but the index still won't fit in
baby girl, shake it well
let me see you do more quinting (rack-it)
tryna make them do more sprinting (where you goin'?)
come a long way from sitting in my cell
that was twenty-three bang up on sunday (bang up)
got a warhead zoobie of cookies
so why would i bill that front-ways?
you got a man and you're saying these things
bro, i don't think she cares (she don't)
come link me i still have my thingy
you can't say i weren't prepared (no, they can't)
in my blue dior or dsquared2
like the slim fits low, i don't know about flares (tighter)
just squeeze both sides of the pot
like when it goes pop you can smell these flavours (smell it)
love chip in my box, not a lot
this ammi' made a man curl up like quavers (twiss' up)
skid-skrr laters
leaving your friend at the scene, outrageous (gone)
90's baby, lighties hate me
still take a next mans boo (tek' her)
i just came to the ting were neked
now i got a pellet let's step back tru'
(step back tru', step back tru')

--- Unknown T - Homerton B ---
ctp
it's unknown t, homerton b
i've got gyallie on me
opp block, bally on me
panic and dash
dem boy run and retreat
it's unknown t, homerton b
gyallie on me
bally on me
panic and dash
samurais in batches
whack, whack, pull up, skrrt, reverse
bang, the ting goes back in the jacket
hope the clip or the spin' make him backflip
when it comes to the trap
all my niggas work off the magic
got that 10 out of 10 and it's banging
apart from the tragics, listen
i was on the backroad picking my cats
nike tracksuit, and a 'fuck off' hat
girls-girls move then come back
her tits went out when she saw my stack
pull up, pull up where it is or jaft
wanna go home?
tell that bitch call cab
how could you make that your darling one?
when that barbie's lookin' like bratz, and
how could you make that your hubby?
empty tummy, that nigga eat brass (hmm)
went on a meal den dashed
listen, look
baby, bend ya' back and then dig it
dig it, bend ya' back and then dig it
back and then dig it, gyal want more dickin'
back in one minute, bag up that spinach
it's unknown t, homerton b
i've got gyallie on me
opp block, bally on me
panic and dash
dem boy run and retreat
it's unknown t, homerton b
i've got gyallie on me
opp block, bally on me
panic and dash
dem boy run and retreat ('treat)
unknown t, let me come and spin it (bow)
me, yb had a big bruck-back '015 days
think i'm kidding?
t jumped out, tryna catch some drillings
man get fried, finna duck them chickens
outside of mans college, in front of the innocent
slide tru' back to back, and i'm filling 'em
round movin' horrid in front of civilians
look, it's mental up in my ends
got packs on crack, nutshells and skengs
jakes got helicopters with lights
and they all beaming down on my friends (fuck)
the shits too obb' in the ends
let me tell you 'bout déjà vu
old school days, i held my first skeng
bro you're an actor, please don't pretend
yb and ram, that's active gang
word to ko:
seen men with the biggest of shanks have no heart
cause they ran, and they ran
cut tru' main road, get robbed, man, damn
cut tru' main road, get robbed, man, damn
back my j-lo and back shot man
they're madeleine gang, cos they vanished and ran
buck my main hoe, that's backshot gang
baby bend ya' back and then dig it
dig it, bend ya' back and then dig it
back and then dig it, gyal want more dickin'
back in one minute, bag up that spinach
bandits and figures, rappers and drillers
grab a few nanks, or grab a spare spinner
back in the lab, the feds wanna trap
"they're trafficking grams", it's back it or dash
it's unknown t, homerton b
i've got gyallie on me
opp block, bally on me
panic and dash
dem boy run and retreat
it's unknown t, homerton b
i've got gyallie on me
opp block, bally on me
panic and dash
dem boy run and retreat 
(-treat)
it's unknown t, homerton b
gyallie on me
bally' on me
panic and dash
run and retreat
it's unknown t, homerton b
gyallie on me
bally' on me
panic and dash
run and retreat-treat
r-run and retreat ('treat), r-r-r-run and retreat-treat
it's unknown t, homerton b
hom-, hom-hom
homerton b
panic and dash
ctp

--- MIST - Karla’s Back ---
back with a bang (steel banglez)
m-i-s-to the fucking t, yeah
'old tight all my apnas, karlas, gouras all of that yeah?
karla's back with a bang, yeah i wanna take a flight with my fam (take a flight, take a flight)
karla's back with a bang, might fly with my boys to the dam (go dam, go dam)
karla's back with a bang, yeah i'll still get your danas yakked (nigga nigga get robbed)
karlas back with a bang i said karla's back with a bang
and manna act calm
but i still bark my tool
stack p til my daughter goes private school (that's my princess)
money is the motive that's my rule
seen man turn dunce off money, turn fool
but i'ma keep it real and cool
real niggas in my squad yeah yeah that's who
but i'ma keep it real and cool
real niggas in my squad yeah yeah that's who
touch gatsby's, get wavey in the pool
fly westfields, get a tracky from the mall
late night graft, i be labbing till the morn' (labbing)
late night graft, i be labbing till the morn' like
money on my mind that's c.r.e.a.m
big 4-5 can't fuck with my team
woke up vex, seen my mom in my dream
graveyard visits next day i weren't seen like
karla's back with a bang, yeah i wanna take a flight with my fam (take a flight, take a flight)
karla's back with a bang, might fly with my boys to the dam (go dam, go dam)
karla's back with a bang, yeah i'll still get your danas yakked (nigga nigga get robbed)
karlas back with a bang i said karla's back with a bang
karla's back with a bang, no whip cause i'm on a ban (soon land, soon land)
shutdown leeds outside cause i gotta keep it loyal to my fans
yeah money's in my plans
daughter turned real big now i gotta get my racksdem stacked (yeah i gotta set the p)
i wanted to smoke some cali so i went and took a trip to the caff
mr. lemon-or-the-am
just made a banger with sevaqk
still got packs, so i slang
still got the iraq-link, with the mac ting boom bang
still blowing smokey at a hater with my am like
pure bad b's on my 'gram
me and whitely had a vision and a plan
first-class trip so my family get a tan
shutdown raves on stage in japan like
karla's back with a bang, yeah i wanna take a flight with my fam (take a flight, take a flight)
karla's back with a bang, might fly with my boys to the dam (go dam, go dam)
karla's back with a bang, yeah i'll still get your danas yakked (nigga nigga get robbed)
karlas back with a bang i said karla's back with a bang
karla's back with a bang, yeah i wanna take a flight with my fam
karla's back with a bang, yeah i wanna take a flight with my fam (take a flight, take a flight)
karla's back with a bang, might fly with my boys to the dam (go dam, go dam)
karla's back with a bang, yeah i'll still get your danas yakked (nigga nigga get robbed)
karlas back with a bang i said karla's back with a bang

--- Nines - I See You Shining ---
zino records
ha ha ha ha ha!
ugh
i see you looking fly today
i see you shinin' ay
shout out to my hustlers that grind all day
i see you shinin' ay
i smelt that gelato from a mile away
i see you shinin' ay
i'll still be a legend if i die today (ugh)
i see you shinin' ay
i got packs on the trolly
this rap shit's a hobby (let's go)
i got hitters but i'll still catch me a body
the streets know me for getting p
my daughter had her first rollie when she was 3 (ugh)
i caught a little case, that's a slight loss
'cause my lawyers like harvey and mike ross (jeez!)
and me and skrapz couldn't give a fuck about rap
'cause even though we're nice, we just always in the trap
i stay strapped like a lesbo
fam i only talk packs on the encros (ugh)
when you was inside watching netflix
i was in the crop house wiring electrics
me and streetz rep' the churches like a pope
tryna impress bitches that will turn a nigga broke
these chicks be obsessed with my p
i just hit then i gone into the m-i-s to the t
it's nines
i see you looking fly today
i see you shinin' ay
shout out to my hustlers that grind all day
i see you shinin' ay
i smelt that gelato from a mile away
i see you shinin' ay
i'll still be a legend if i die today
i see you shinin' ay
i went lv and got dressed today
did the same thing yesterday (ok!)
i'm in the newest jag' when i come through (ugh)
'bout to cop my man likkle t one too
don't talk money if it's less then a mill'
free hydro, hope he gets his appeal
told my ex-chick that we never could chill
'cause i got more bitches than cruella de vil
might see me in dubai with w
went 'dam get high in the w (ugh)
or i'm in brum' with some trapstars
i ain't on tour yet, but these packs are
feeling like i'm 'bout to levitate
me and two bad's smoking wedding cake
my hood-star chillin' in the block
10 years from now, steel banglez will still be on top  (ugh)
it's nines
i see you looking fly today, i see you shinin' ay
shout out to my hustlers that grind all day, i see you shinin' ay
i smelt that gelato from a mile away, i see you shinin' ay
i'll still be a legend if i die today, i see you shinin' ay

--- Aloe Blacc - I Need A Dollar ---
i need a dollar, dollar
dollar, that's what i need (hey, hey)
well, i need a dollar, dollar
dollar, that's what i need (hey, hey)
said i need a dollar, dollar
dollar, that's what i need
and if i share with you my story would you share your dollar with me?
bad times are coming and i reap what i done sowed (hey, hey)
well, let me tell you something, all that glitters ain't gold (hey, hey)
it's been a long old trouble, long old troublesome road
and i'm looking for somebody come and help me carry this load
i need a dollar, dollar
dollar, that's what i need (hey, hey)
well, i need a dollar, dollar
dollar, that's what i need
well, i don't know if i'm walking on solid ground
'cause everything around me is falling down
and all i want is for someone to help me
i had a job but the boss man let me go (he said)
i'm sorry, but i won't be needing your help no more (i said)
please, mister boss man i need this job more than you know
but he gave me my last paycheck and he sent me on out the door
well, i need a dollar, dollar
dollar, that's what i need (hey, hey)
said i need a dollar, dollar
dollar, that's what i need (hey, hey)
and i need dollar, dollar
dollar, that's what i need
and if i share with you my story would you share your dollar with me?
well, i don't know if i'm walking on solid ground
'cause everything around me is crumbling down
and all i want is for someone to help me
what in the world am i gonna do tomorrow?
is there someone with a dollar i could borrow?
who can help me take away my sorrow?
maybe it's inside the bottle
(maybe it's inside the bottle)
i had some good old buddies, names is whiskey and wine (hey, hey)
and for my good old buddies i spent my last dime (hey, hey)
now wine is good to me, he help me pass the time
and my good old buddy whiskey keep me warmer than sunshine (hey, hey)
your mama may have blessed the child that's got his own (hey, hey)
if god has plans for me i hope it ain't written in stone (hey, hey)
because i've been working, working myself down to the bone
and i swear on grandpa's grave i'll be paid when i come home (hey, hey)
well, i need a dollar, dollar
dollar, that's what i need (hey, hey)
said i need a dollar, dollar
dollar, that's what i need (hey, hey)
well, i need dollar, dollar
dollar, that's what i need
and if i share with you my story would you share your dollar with me?
(c'mon share your dollar with me go 'head, share your dollar with me c'mon share your dollar, gimme your dollar share your dollar with me c'mon share your dollar with me)

--- Travie McCoy ft. Bruno Mars - Billionaire ---
i wanna be a billionaire so fricking bad
buy all of the things i never had
i wanna be on the cover of forbes magazine
smiling next to oprah and the queen
oh, every time i close my eyes
i see my name in shiny lights, yeah
a different city every night, oh, i, i swear
the world better prepare for when i'm a billionaire
yeah, i would have a show like oprah, i would be the host of
everyday christmas, give travie a wish list
i'd probably pull an angelina and brad pitt
and adopt a bunch of babies that ain't never had shit
give away a few mercedes, like, "here, lady, have this"
and last but not least, grant somebody their last wish
it's been a couple months that i've been single so
you can call me travie claus minus the ho-ho
aha, get it?
i'd probably visit where katrina hit
and damn sure do a lot more than fema did
yeah, can't forget about me, stupid
everywhere i go, i'ma have my own theme music
oh, every time i close my eyes (what you see, what you see, bruh?)
i see my name in shiny lights (uh-ha, uh-ha, yeah, what else?)
oh, yeah, yeah, a different city every night, oh, i, i swear
the world better prepare (for what?) for when i'm a billionaire
oh-oh, oh-oh, when i'm a billionaire
oh-oh, oh-oh (let's go)
i be playing basketball with the president
dunking on his delegates
then i compliment him on his political etiquette (good job)
toss a couple milli' in the air just for the heck of it (woman)
but keep the fives, twennies, tens, and bens completely separate (haha)
and yeah, i'll be in a whole new tax bracket
we in recession but let me take a crack at it
i'll probably take whatever's left and just split it up (there you go)
so everybody that i love can have a couple bucks (you too)
and not a single tummy around me
would know what hungry was
eating good, sleeping soundly
i know we all have a similar dream (uh-huh)
go in your pocket, pull out your wallet
and put it in the air and sing
i wanna be a billionaire so fricking bad 
(so bad)
buy all of the things i never had 
(buy everything, ha-ha)
i wanna be on the cover of forbes magazine
smiling next to oprah and the queen 
(what up, oprah? ha-ha)
oh, every time i close my eyes (what you see, what you see, bruh?)
i see my name in shiny lights (uh-ha, uh-ha, yeah, what else?)
oh, yeah, yeah, a different city every night, oh, i, i swear
the world better prepare (for what?) for when i'm a billionaire
oh-oh, oh-oh (sing it) when i'm a billionaire
oh-oh, oh-oh (oh)
i wanna be a billionaire so fricking bad
(ha-ha-ha)

--- Lil Dicky - $ave Dat Money ---
ld, aka the independent variable
trap god, i was servin' out the hallway
(i want my money all ways)
ayy, where the gold at, baby? (fuck i need gold for man?)
ayy, where the clothes at, baby? (fuck i need clothes for man?)
ayy, where the dough at, baby?
in the bank, you know i ain't tryna blow dat, baby
ayy, we gon' save that money (i'm so thrifty)
ayy, we gon' save that money (i'm so stingy)
ayy, we gon' save that money
what we doin'? we gon' save dat money
the rap game got it all wrong
we ain't 'bout to go and spend money just to flex on 'em
we ain't really got it like y'all (yeah, baby)
i'm a type of motherfucker that'll check the check
do the math, i ain't never gettin' robbed (no)
those margaritas not goin' on my card (no)
i ain't 'bout to split a damn thing for convenience sake
i'm at the restaurant workin' that waitress
hold up
you ain't heard of lil dave, yung l the jew biz major? (ayy)
fuck you know about the world he raised in? (fuck)
i've been savin' money since a motherfucker thirteen
i wear the same pair of jeans every day (it's true)
free sandwiches, homie, two stamps away (it's true)
book flight december but i leave in may (i do)
drugs are generic but still work the same
i get logins for netflix from my cousin greg
thanks, greg
ayy, where the gold at, baby? (yeah baby)
ayy, where the clothes at, baby? (yeah baby)
ayy, where the dough at, baby?
in the bank, you know i ain't tryna blow that, baby
ayy, we gon' save that money (yeah, i'm so jewish)
ayy, we gon' save that money (yeah, i'm so frugal)
ayy, we gon' save that money (i'm so imprudent)
what we do? we gon' save that money
all of my luggage is louis v, i swear to god, nigga
all of my bitches be scared of me, i put that rod in 'em
all of them bitches actin' thoughtless, i disregardin' them
all of them bitches actin' holy, ain't got no god in 'em
i can teach a lil' nigga somethin' like a preacher
i can take his ass to church fresh as hell, no easter
i can make his ass burp like a baby without no hiccup
i could...
quan, what's this have to do with saving money though?
you know what a full verse would have been too expensive anyways
i think
trap, trap, trap
i ain't parkin' that unless the meter green, homie (please)
hair cut several months in-between, homie (always)
hit the mafuckin' lights when i leave, homie (yolo)
single ply tp, ass bleed
airbnb the motherfuckin' lease, i'm never there
i'm out in cali, why the fuck my company in delaware?
at happy hour takin' out the chicken, i don't even care
and that applies to both dating and wings
peep matinees, phone bill got the motherfuckin' fam on it (all the fam)
401k, rollin' over bands on it (ayy)
coppin' sweaters in the summer when the sale on 'em (i'm hot)
the fuck you rappers bragging 'bout? you overpaying for it
ayy, where the gold at, baby? (yeah baby)
ayy, where the clothes at, baby? (yeah baby)
ayy, where the dough at, baby?
in the bank, you know i ain't tryna blow that, baby
ayy, we gon' save that money (yeah, i'm judicious)
ayy, we gon' save that money (yeah, i'm cost-efficient)
ayy, we gon' save that money (yeah, i do it different)
what we do? we gon' save that money
i ain't never hit a bar with a cover (never)
low thread count, hard with the covers (woo)
free trial memberships, though
i never join the shiz though (ayy)
fuck you think this is though?
frequent flying like a motherfuckin' finch though (brr)
general tso, half a dozen on the stick
just so i can whet the appetite a bit
whatchu talkin' 'bout?
my ac never doing nothing, blow fans though (ayy)
walgreens card shoppin' all the off brands, though (ayy)
boy go hard when collecting, got venmo (ayy)
save every motherfuckin' roach, tryna smoke (ayy)
check the clothes in my drawers, i ain't playin' around
it's ld, lil boy, mr. hand-me-down
my dirty drawers gettin' worn, can you blame me now?
you think i got $4.50 up in quarters on me, well i fuckin' don't!
ayy, where the gold at, baby? (yeah baby)
ayy, where the clothes at, baby? (yeah baby)
ayy, where the dough at, baby?
in the bank, you know i ain't tryna blow that, baby
ayy, we gon' save that money (yeah, 1738)
ayy, we gon' save that money (yeah, i'm a kike)
ayy, we gon' save that money (yeah, i eat figs)
what we do? we gon' save that money
every time these niggas tryna play
and lately, i've been stackin' up crazy
stackin' up 'cause all about the bands, baby
800k underneath the bed baby, ayy
if you at a restaurant and got a iced coffee
and the waiter been refillin' that without a word of caution
and you get your fuckin' bill and you can see he double charged ya
for the coffee and you told 'em there's a problem, sing along like
ohh, don't double charge me for that
don't double charge me, we like
ohh, don't double charge me for that
don't do it to yourself
'cause i might just ask what the ice cube's worth
what the ice cube's worth
that's the only differentiator making this a non-free perk
and i might make work more difficult for you than it need be (brr)
so think about it, take a minute, let it breathe, b
but think about it, bruh, you saw me get the burger with the bacon on the side
after looking at the price of the side of just bacon
and comparing it to the what the difference in the cheeseburger
versus the bacon cheeseburger was and making my decision
i would hate to be the waiter tryna tell me something different
i'ma get on yelp in a minute and review
this piece of shit place like only a kike know how
unless you take the extra coffee off i might get loud unless you...
oh, it was just an accident?
you didn't even mean that
you didn't even... that was... that's... i'm so embarrassed

--- Machine Gun Kelly - Till I Die ---
one time for the city, my city
(j.u.s.t.i.c.e. league)
bitch, i'm from the land till i die (till i die), till i die
on the east side till i die (till i die), till i die
bumpin' that bone thugs till i die (till i die), till i die
in the hood, i'm good till i die (till i die), cle till i die, ho
erry'where i go i'm puttin' on (puttin' on)
puttin' on, puttin' on (puttin' on)
erry'where i go i'm puttin' on (puttin' on)
puttin' on, puttin' on (puttin' on)
e-erry'where i go i'm puttin' on (puttin' on)
puttin' on, puttin' on (puttin' on)
e-erry'where i go i'm puttin' on (puttin' on)
puttin' on (puttin' on)
(kells) where you from?
straight outta the motherfuckin' crib, ho
on 128th, me and slim, doe
dead broke, we were smoking mid, bro
baby mama hollerin', "how we suppose to live, though?"
fuck that, beat the game up quick, though (bah)
everybody in the team eating (yeah)
green meals, green leaves, it's the green season (bitch, yeah)
catch me on lee, up at sharks eating (where?)
whippin' with the hot sauce like i'm street leaguin', and1, though
on the porch getting cut though
on first block with the blunt rolled (bah), me and dub-o
my city, my city
been turned up from the jump though
bitch, i'm from the land till i die (till i die), till i die
on the east side till i die (till i die), till i die
bumpin' that bone thugs till i die (till i die), till i die
in the hood, i'm good till i die (till i die), cle till i die, ho
erry'where i go i'm puttin' on (puttin' on)
puttin' on, puttin' on (puttin' on)
erry'where i go i'm puttin' on (puttin' on)
puttin' on, puttin' on (puttin' on)
e-e-erry'where i go i'm puttin' on (puttin' on)
puttin' on, puttin' on (puttin' on)
e-erry'where i go i'm puttin' on (puttin' on)
puttin' on (puttin' on)
where you from? y'all know (ho), y'all know (ho)
it's tatted up on all my squad, ho (squad)
i roll js in a 12 inch raw paper (yeah)
everyday i live life like pablo (pablo)
y'all know (ho), y'all know (ho)
i'm tatted like i don't need jobs, ho (no)
nobody's gonna stop me getting paper (woo)
everyday i feel like el chapo (boom)
i was getting high in the 6th grade (yeah)
throwing hands in the hall on the first day (bah, bah)
scared of one of my hoes gettin' knocked up (damn)
snatching purses in the mall, getting locked up (damn)
bitch, i needed paper, i needed paper (yeah)
dreamin' of the penthouse on the elevator (kuh)
the hood taught me don't talk, just walk mine
timbos on the curb by the stop sign (kells)
(e-e-e-erry'where i go i'm puttin' on)
east side, west side (puttin' on, puttin' on)
cleveland for life (erry'where i go i'm puttin' on)
east side, west side (puttin' on, puttin' on), ayy
(e-e-e-erry'where i go i'm puttin' on)
uptown to down the way (puttin' on)
uptown to down the way (puttin' on)
(e-e-e-erry'where i go i'm puttin' on)
ec to the heights, all day (puttin' on, puttin' on)
ec to the heights, all day (baby, haha)
bitch, i'm from the land till i die (till i die), till i die
on the east side till i die (till i die), till i die
bumpin' that bone thugs till i die (till i die), till i die
in the hood, i'm good till i die (till i die), est till i die, ho

--- G-Eazy - Me, Myself & I ---
ooh, it's just me, myself and i
solo ride until i die
'cause i got me for life (yeah)
ooh, i don't need a hand to hold
even when the night is cold
i got that fire in my soul (ah)
and as far as i can see, i just need privacy
plus a whole lot of tree, fuck all this modesty
i just need space to do me, give the world what they're tryna see
a stella maxwell right beside of me
a ferrari, i'm buyin' three
a closet of saint laurent, get what i want when i want
'cause this hunger is drivin' me, yeah
i just need to be alone, i just need to be at home
understand what i'm speakin' on, if time is money i need a loan
but regardless i'll always keep keepin' on
fuck fake friends, we don't take l's, we just make m's
while y'all follow, we just make trends
i'm right back to work when that break ends, yeah
ooh, it's just me, myself and i
solo ride until i die
'cause i got me for life (got me for life, yeah)
ooh, i don't need a hand to hold
even when the night is cold
i got that fire in my soul
i don't need anything (yeah) to get me through the night
except the beat that's in my heart
yeah, it's keepin' me alive (keeps me alive)
i don't need anything to make me satisfied (you know)
'cause the music does me good
and it gets me every time (yeah)
and i don't like talkin' to strangers
so get the fuck off me, i'm anxious
i'm tryna be cool, but i may just go apeshit
say "fuck y'all!" to all of y'all faces
it changes though, now that i'm famous
everyone knows how this lifestyle is dangerous
but i love it, the rush is amazin'
celebrate nightly and everyone rages
i found how to cope with my angers
i'm swimmin' in money
swimmin' in liquor, my liver is muddy
but it's all good, i'm still sippin' this bubbly
this shit is lovely
this shit ain't random, i didn't get lucky
made it right here 'cause i'm sick with it, cuddy
they all take the money for granted
but don't wanna work for it — tell me now, isn't it funny? (nah)
ooh, it's just me, myself and i
solo ride until i die
'cause i got me for life (got me for life, yeah)
ooh, i don't need a hand to hold
even when the night is cold
i got that fire in my soul
i don't need anything (yeah) to get me through the night
except the beat that's in my heart
yeah, it's keepin' me alive (keeps me alive)
i don't need anything to make me satisfied (you know)
'cause the music does me good
and it gets me every time
like, ba-ba-ba-ba-da-ba
ba-ba-ba-da-ba (yeah)
ba-ba-ba-ba-da-ba
ba-ba-ba-da-ba
ba-ba-ba-ba-da-ba
ba-ba-ba-da-ba
'cause the music does me good
and it gets me every time
yeah, lonely nights i laid awake
pray to lord my soul to take
my heart's become too cold to break
know i'm great, but i'm broke as hell
havin' dreams that i'm foldin' cake
all my life i've been told to wait
but i'ma get it now, yeah, it's no debate
yeah
ooh, it's just me, myself and i
solo ride until i die
'cause i got me for life (got me for life, yeah)
ooh, i don't need a hand to hold
even when the night is cold
i got that fire in my soul
i don't need anything (yeah) to get me through the night
except the beat that's in my heart
and it's keepin' me alive (keeps me alive)
i don't need anything to make me satisfied (you know)
'cause the music does me good
and it gets me every time
like, ba-ba-ba-ba-da-ba
ba-ba-ba-da-ba
ba-ba-ba-ba-da-ba
ba-ba-ba-da-ba
ba-ba-ba-ba-da-ba
ba-ba-ba-da-ba
'cause the music does me good
and it gets me every time

--- Logic - Everyday ---
yeah, ayy
i work hard every motherfuckin' day-ay-ay-ayy
i work hard, i work hard every day-ay-ay-ayy, yeah
but today is my day, it's my day
and no matter what they say, it's my day
la-la-la-la-la-la, yeah
roll up to the spot, feelin' real good
think you gon' talk shit, you better not, my homies real hood
they say, "logic, why you do that?" i don't know, i don't know
yeah, they used to be like, "who that?" i don't know, i don't know
now they know my name wherever i go
used to think that's what i wanted, but now just don't know
no, i can't fuck with that, knuck if you buckin' back
yeah, i been workin' but i ain't get nothin' back
tell me the dealy now, hold up, wait, really now
all of that shit you been talkin' just silly now
just as quick as you rise
just as quick as you could fall
oh, no, no, no, i can't fuck with that at all
can't fuck with that at all
i work hard every motherfuckin' day-ay-ay-ayy
i work hard, i work hard every day-ay-ay-ayy, yeah
but today is my day, it's my day
and no matter what they say, it's my day
la-la-la-la-la-la, yeah
all, all she ever wanted was attention
and a bunch of other shit i shouldn't mention
'cause she got daddy issues for days, for days and days
but today, she ain't got shit to do
her right along with you
so we gon' fuck around and vibe, and vibe, and vibe, and vibe
i'm tryna live my life, but am i doing it right?
yeah, i'm tryna live my life, but am i doing it right?
'cause they tell me i'm the man
you the man right now, you the man right now
with the whole wide world in the palm of your hand right now
fuck the lights and the cameras and the money and the fame
i'ma do it for the fam right now
i'ma get it for the 301 and the r-a-double-t-p-a-c 'cause you know
i work hard every motherfuckin' day-ay-ay-ayy
i work hard, i work hard every day-ay-ay-ayy, yeah
but today is my day, it's my day
and no matter what they say, it's my day
la-la-la-la-la-la, yeah

--- Big Sean - I Don’t Fuck with You ---
uh-huh
fuck?
i don't fuck with you (mustard on the beat, ho)
you lil' stupid-ass bitch, i ain't fuckin' with you
you lil', you lil' dumb-ass bitch, i ain't fuckin' with you
i got a million trillion things i'd rather fuckin' do
than to be fuckin' with you (you), lil' stupid ass
i don't give a fuck, i don't give a fuck
i don't, i don't, i don't give a fuck
bitch, i don't give a fuck about you or anything that you do
don't give a fuck about you or anything that you do
i heard you got a new man, i see you takin' a pic (woah)
then you post it up, thinkin' that it's makin' me sick
brr, brr, i see you callin', i be makin' it quick
i'ma answer that shit like, "i don't fuck with you"
bitch, i got no feelings to go
i swear i had it up to here, i got no ceilings to go
i mean, for real, fuck how you feel
fuck your two cents if it ain't goin' towards the bill, yeah
and every day i wake up celebratin' shit, why?
‘cause i just dodged a bullet from a crazy bitch, i
stuck to my guns, that's what made me rich
that's what put me on, that's what got me here, that's what made me this (this)
and everything that i do is my first name (b-i-g)
these hoes chase bread, aw, damn, she got a bird brain
ain't nothin' but trill in me, aw, man, silly me
i just bought a crib, three stories, that bitch a trilogy
and you know i'm rollin' weed that's fuckin' up the ozone
i got a bitch that text me she ain't got no clothes on (swerve)
and then another one text (swerve, swerve), then your ass next
and i'ma text your ass back like
i don't fuck with you
you lil' stupid-ass bitch, i ain't fuckin' with you
you lil', you lil' dumb-ass bitch, i ain't fuckin' with you
i got a million trillion things i'd rather fuckin' do
than to be fuckin' with you, lil' stupid ass
i don't give a fuck, i don't give a fuck
i don't, i don't, i don't give a fuck
bitch, i don't give a fuck about you or anything that you do (e-40)
don't give a fuck about you or anything that you do (hawoo)
got a million things on my mind, executive deals online, limited amount of time
chasin' these dollar signs and you ain't on your grind
you liable to find me up in the mgm casino in the d (d)
fuckin' off fetty i could've put on property ('ty)
from the bay to the murder mitten, my niggas pull murder missions
she choosin', that's her decision, free my niggas in prison (yee)
on the phone with a bitch who can't do shit
for a pimp but make a nigga hella rich (hella rich)
got a blunt in my dental, blowin' hemp in a rental
on my way to sacramento, late night, arsenio (arsenio)
i'm never sentimental, go hard or go homeless
barely harley, i'm chromeless (uh), you might end up domeless (uh)
i bet you she into me, her cheddar, she givin' me
i'll make a bitch stand outside forever like the statue of liberty (mm)
rest in pimp, pimp c, underground king of the south
i raise my styrofoam up and pour some drink in my mouth (pour up)
why you always comin' around with bad news? (bad news)
say you want me to win, but hope i lose (hope i lose)
askin' if i rock with other niggas in the crew (crew)
but them niggas cool (cool)
it's just that
bitch, i ain't fuckin' with you (lil' bitch)
you lil' stupid-ass bitch, i ain't fuckin' with you (uh-uh)
you lil', you lil' dumb-ass bitch, i ain't fuckin' with you
i got a million trillion things i'd rather fuckin' do
than to be fuckin' with you, lil' stupid ass
i don't give a fuck, i don't give a fuck
i don't, i don't, i don't give a fuck
bitch, i don't give a fuck about you or anything that you do
don't give a fuck about you or anything that you do
i don't give a fuck, i don't give a fuck
i don't, i don't, i don't give a fuck
bitch, i don't give a fuck about you or anything that you do
don't give a fuck about you or anything that you do
i got a new chick that i gotta thank god for (god)
i got a new whip that i gotta thank the lot for (swerve, swerve, swerve)
yeah, i got a lot, but want a lot more
yeah, we in the building, but i'm tryna take it to the top floor (floor)
i swear i hear some new bullshit every day i'm wakin' up (up)
it seem like nowadays, everybody breakin' up (up)
that shit can break you down, if you lose a good girl
i guess you need a bad bitch to come around and make it up (yup)
i guess drama makes for the best content
everything got a bad side, even a conscience
now you're drinkin' 'til you're unconscious (woah), feel me?
when you get a fine bitch, just don't forget to read the fine print
life got me meditatin' like i'm in the himalayas
keep it g with the l lit on me like the elevator
yeah, i know that karma too real, so i hope you doin' cool
but still, stupid-ass bitch, i ain't fuckin' with you
lil' stupid-ass, i ain't fuckin' with (woah)
i ain't fuckin', i ain't, i ain't fuckin' with you (woah)
i ain't fuckin' with you, hah
straight up, yeah, yeah
woah

--- E-40 - Choices (Yup) ---
nope, yup
nope, yup
nope, yup
nope, yup
ever told on a nigga? (nope)
ever squeezed the trigger? (yup)
ever set a nigga up? (nope)
ever helped a brother out when he was down on his luck? (yup)
you a sap? (nope)
you a boss player, you a mack? (yup)
let me hold a couple dollars (nope)
y'all still be poppin' y'all collars? (yup)
stock rims on a scraper (nope)
paint wetter than a lake (yup)
poodle in my blood (nope)
bitch, i'm a thug (yup)
you a loser? (nope)
winner? (yup)
starvin'? (nope)
dinner? (yup)
you still sell dope? (nope)
now you cleaner than a bar of dove soap? (yup)
got a little gouda? (nope)
got a thumper, got a ruger? (yup)
you in love with the ho? (nope)
she bringin' you the dough? (yup)
you gon' cry if she leave? (nope)
you gon' fly overseas? (yup)
everybody get choices
i choose to get money, i'm stuck to this bread
everybody got choices
these bitches is choosin', i'm all in they head
everybody got choices
keep it one thou' 'bout the life that i chose
everybody got choices
these niggas be hatin', i already know
but i never go broke (nope, no, no, no)
i'ma stay gettin' money (yup, yeah, yeah, yeah)
and i ain't gotta sell my soul (nope, no, no, no)
i'ma stay gettin' money (yup, yeah, yeah, yeah)
if you broke, you ain't like me (nope, no, no, no)
i'ma stay gettin' money (yup, yeah, yeah, yeah)
i give a fuck if you don't like me (nope, no, no, no)
i'ma stay gettin' money (yup, yeah, yeah, yeah)
ugh, lazy? (nope)
got dick that'd drive a ho crazy? (yup)
hater? (nope)
wanna see a player get paper? (yup)
traitor? (nope)
loyal to my soil, you're not a faker? (yup)
sleep? (nope)
bust moves, hella active in the streets? (yup)
scared of the dark? (nope)
have money, have heart? (yup)
narc? (nope)
shark? (yup)
gossip like a broad? (nope)
check a bitch like a smog? (yup)
slippin'? (nope)
trippin'? (yup)
sober as a gopher? (nope)
higher than a rollercoaster? (yup)
star wars? (nope)
yoda? (yup)
never leave the house without my strap (nope)
shoot a muthafucka in his nap (yup)
never been a sucka or a pussy (nope)
blowin' cookie, never coughin' like a rookie (yup)
everybody get choices
i choose to get money, i'm stuck to this bread
everybody got choices
these bitches is choosin', i'm all in they head
everybody got choices
keep it one thou' 'bout the life that i chose
everybody got choices
these niggas be hatin', i already know
but i never go broke (nope, no, no, no)
i'ma stay gettin' money (yup, yeah, yeah, yeah)
and i ain't gotta sell my soul (nope, no, no, no)
i'ma stay gettin' money (yup, yeah, yeah, yeah)
if you broke, you ain't like me (nope, no, no, no)
i'ma stay gettin' money (yup, yeah, yeah, yeah)
i give a fuck if you don't like me (nope, no, no, no)
i'ma stay gettin' money (yup, yeah, yeah, yeah)
was it love at first sight? (nope)
did she ride you like a bike? (yup)
was it ripe? (nope)
was her pussy tight? (yup)
got some property? (nope)
drive a maserati? (yup)
you softer than a sock? (nope)
you solid as a rock? (yup)
slow? (nope)
trained to go? (yup)
your team weak? (nope)
you respected in the street neeh? (yup)
shallow? (nope)
di-neep? (yup)
broke? (nope)
chi-neep? (yup)
not a bb or a pellet gun (nope)
but a long barrel base drum (yup)
if i get into it, won't run (nope)
i'ma give a nigga fair one (yup)
still live in the trap? (nope)
you ever go back? (yup)
wear a wire and a camera? (nope)
ears to the scanner? (yup)
everybody get choices
i choose to get money, i'm stuck to this bread
everybody got choices
these bitches is choosin', i'm all in they head
everybody got choices
keep it one thou' 'bout the life that i chose
everybody got choices
these niggas be hatin', i already know
but i never go broke (nope, no, no, no)
i'ma stay gettin' money (yup, yeah, yeah, yeah)
and i ain't gotta sell my soul (nope, no, no, no)
i'ma stay gettin' money (yup, yeah, yeah, yeah)
if you broke, you ain't like me (nope, no, no, no)
i'ma stay gettin' money (yup, yeah, yeah, yeah)
i give a fuck if you don't like me (nope, no, no, no)
i'ma stay gettin' money (yup, yeah, yeah, yeah)

--- Too $hort - Gettin’ It ---
that's right, album number ten, short dawg's in the house
it's gettin close to the end y'all
but we gonna kick it like this on the last album
now let me holler at ya partner, spit this game
in your ear for a minute, quit complainin'
'bout how you can't spend it 'cause you ain't got it
you got what it takes but not enough to get started
i hope you get the message, no it's not a test it's
just me ridin legit, they can't arrest me or bust me
i'm still hungry, i want some more stuff
get fat and watch my whole crew blow up
so get yours, and buy my new album
peep the game and don't be like calvin
get everything you want, get real, get your mail
get your girl to make bail and get your ass out of jail
you should be gettin it, everything you want
everything you dreamed of, never have to front
you should be gettin it, gettin money
i'm talking bout you black, don't laugh it ain't funny
you should get a good lawyer, like johnnie cochran
swear to tell the truth, 'hell nah i didn't pop him'
get your kids in school so they can get an education
get a degree, and take a vacation
you see i got all my game from the streets of california
young millionaire with no high school diploma
livin real good, taking care of my folks
roll up a fat one for the players to smoke
short dog's in the house
, i know you ain't trippin'
'cause life is too $hort
, you gotta 
get in where you fit in
stop looking for what you never seem to find
it ain't what you think, you got to read between the lines
'cause life ain't long for a young black man
tryin' to make money doing all he can
sellin' dope, don't ya hope he would go to class
but the boy makes money and he makes it fast
with the twenties on top and the fifties on bottom
a flock a top notches, oh yes, we got 'em
it's been a long time since i first got down
but i still keep makin' these funky sounds
get your money, mayne
get yours
you should be gettin' it
get it while the gettin' is good, get it while you can
you should be gettin' it
get it while the gettin' is good
get your money, mayne
get yours
you should be gettin' it
i know you tired of bein' broke, just hangin' out
you gotta lot a dreams but you can't get out
the first thing you need to do is set yourself some goals
think positive, everything else is old
and work hard, never stop hustlin'
'cause they just love to see the black man strugglin'
(so what are you sayin', todd?)
it's time to come up, put your dollar bills in the air
he said meet me at the white house and i was there
'cause i'm one in a million, black men risin'
they wanna keep me down but i always surprise 'em
spend my money in the 'hood, i know it's all good
and you should do the same, i told you peep the game
from too $hort, you know i'm the man
i lend my brother a hand 'cause i know i can
i keep goin' and goin' but i'm not the pink bunny
instead of beatin' on the drum, i never stop thinking money
i'm gettin' all i can, if you don't, ya slip
i can't wait to get to heaven just to have a grip
when i was broke, i couldn't afford a meal
but now i'm now rich, i can't be fake, i gots to keep it real
it's been a long time baby since i first got down
but it still keep makin' these funky sounds
i earned my respect in the street
the ghetto's been good to me
i'm never going to turn my back
the true and living so i gots to kick the facts

--- Master P - Make ’Em Say Uhh! ---
no limit studios, whassup?
who dis is? who dis is?
nigga, this 
rappin 4-tay
, who is this?
oh this is p
p?!
yeah this is p!
p?!
(yeah)
if this p lemme hear ya say uhh
uhh
this ain't no motherfuckin p!
man, hang the phone up
uhh
na-nah na-nah
make em say uhh (uhh)
na-nah na-nah (na-nah na-nah)
nigga, i'm the colonel of the motherfuckin tank
y'all after big thangs, we after big bank
3rd ward hustlas, soldiers in combat
convicts and dealers, and killers with t.r.u. tats
never gave a fuck bout no hoes on our riches
and niggas come short, i'm diggin ditches
m.p. pullin stripes, commander-in-chief
and fools run up wrong, nigga i'm knockin out some teeth
i'm down here slangin, rollin with these hustlers
tryin to get rid of all you haters and you bustas
steppin on toes, break a niggas nose
in the projects niggas anything goes
breakin fools off cause i'm a no limit soldier
at ease now salute, this pass me the doja
make em say uhh (uhh)
na-nah na-nah (na-nah na-nah)
make em say uhh (uhh)
na-nah na-nah (na-nah na-nah)
make em say uhh (uhh)
na-nah na-nah (na-nah na-nah)
fiend exercisin his right of exorcism, bustin out the expedition
bullets choppin haters business to about the size of prisms our mission
they heard we scary, no limit mercenary
no tellin how bad it get, because the worst'll vary
i heard you make em worry, that this for the loot
they intimidated by the rounds that the tank shoot
tank dogs salute! every robbery in store, cause they know
everything fiend know, mean mo' money mo'
little fiend still want the greens, the cornbread and the cabbage
in your hood, remindin you bitches of who the baddest
definitely the maddest, so the crime gon' stick em up
my uhh went twice (uhh, uhh)
and ended with nine, get em
make em say uhh (uhh)
na-nah na-nah (na-nah na-nah)
make em say uhh (uhh)
na-nah na-nah (na-nah na-nah)
p gon' make ya say uhh!, i'mma make you say ahh!
i'm not eric b. but guaranteed to move this motherfuckin crowd
i stay on like light switches, money, cause i like riches
hittin nothin but tight bitches, call me, i might hit ya
nigga make em say nah-nah-nah, don't trip
after i bust yo' shit, then after that say na-nah-nah-nah
i hang with niggas, i do my thang with niggas (uhh)
they wanna know if i gangbang, cause i hang with a whole gang of niggas
so when, we connect bitch better respect this, i step quick
cause i got a, vicious right hand but ya know what? my left is quick too!
silkk, you the type of nigga that promotes violence? you might be right
cause i'll step in the club and say somethin
to get that motherfucker start to, fightin!! (bout it!!)
bad as vogues, i'm cold, extra see through
be g's fuckin knockin niggas cause i make em all see 3-d
and p-d's the game that i spit, no limit soldiers got my back
i run this motherfucker, tru niggas
and i betcha i'll make yall stay back!
make em say uhh (uhh)
na-nah na-nah (na-nah na-nah)
make em say uhh (uhh)
na-nah na-nah (na-nah na-nah)
we capitalize and monopolize on everything we see keep pistols drawed
and cocked, we got the industry locked, we can't be stopped, too hot
check the spots that we got, on billboard
this tank can set up roadblocks, we fadin all you hoes
want some mo? then let's go, stretch you out like elastic
zip that ass up in plastic, have ya folks pickin caskets
we drastic, our tactics is homegrown in the ghetto
so feel the wrath of this sista, it's like you fightin 10 niggas
forget the baby boys, it's the biggest mamma mia
the unlady like diva, lyrical man eater, believe her
or see her, and get that ass embarrassed
if you're a decision maker, guaranteed you'll get carried away
so stay in yo' place, when ya hear mamma speakin
cannon spray, clear the way, when ya see the tank creepin
make em say uhh (uhh)
na-nah na-nah (na-nah na-nah)
make em say uhh (uhh)
na-nah na-nah (na-nah na-nah)
i'm that nigga that rappers look up to when they won't know how to do it
used to be the little bitty skinny motherfucker with the braids in his hair
used to live on tchoupitoulas
i done paid my dues, but still played the blues
nigga play me like you was scared to lose
i'm still a fool, you ain't heard the news
i’m with them no limit niggas, makin' major moves
i won't stop now, bitch, i can't stop
you can't stop me, so bitch don't try we
we tru soldiers, we don't die
we keep rollin, na-nah-nah-nah-nah
all aboard, bitch could get barely inside
the riverboat hallelujah
niggas goin to war, got to fightin and shootin inside rumors
bitches be sayin he there, we there, beware!!!
c there, silkk there fiend there, mamma there, p there
ain't no salary cap, on top of my dollars
i roll with nothin, but them no limit riders
i gets down nigga, i hold my tank up high
watch how many bitches get wild, na-nah na-nah
make em say uhh (uhh)
na-nah na-nah (na-nah na-nah)
make em say uhh (uhh)
na-nah na-nah (na-nah na-nah)
make em say uhh (uhh)
na-nah na-nah (na-nah na-nah)
make em say uhh (uhh)
na-nah na-nah (na-nah na-nah)

--- Juvenile - Ha ---
that's you with that badass benz, ha
that's you that can't keep your old lady 'cause you keep fuckin' her friends, ha
you gotta go to court, ha
you got served a subpoena for child support, ha
that was that nerve, ha
you ain't even much get a chance to say a word, ha
i know, i ain't trippin', don't your brother got them birds? ha
you won't bust one of them niggas' head, ha
you ain't scared, ha, you know how to play it, ha
i know you ain't just gon' let a nigga come and punk you, ha
stunt and front you, ha, straight-up run you, ha
you know who got that fire green, ha
you know how to use a triple-beam, ha
shit ain't hard as it seems ha
you keep your body clean, ha
you gotta lot of girbaud jeans, ha
some of your partners dope fiends, ha
you don't really want to fuck with them niggas, ha
you come up with them niggas, ha
you stuck with them niggas, ha
you a paper chaser, you got your block on fire
remaining a g until the moment you expire
you know what it is, you make nothin' out of somethin'
you handle your biz and don't be cryin' when you sufferin'
you a paper chaser, you got your block on fire
remaining a g until the moment you expire
you know what it is, you make nothin' out of somethin'
you handle your biz and don't be cryin' when you sufferin'
you can't do nothin' but love fresh, ha
you want to know what we gon' do next, ha
you bought our tape with your check, ha
you wearin' a vest, ha, you tryna protect your chest, ha
you spent seventy on your benz, ha
that ain't yours, that's for your friends, ha
you wanna stop these niggas from playing with you, ha
you wanna run the block, ha
you wanna be the only nigga with rocks, ha
you keep your gun cocked, ha
you count the money at the end of the night, ha
you on a three-day flight, ha
you full of that diesel, ha, you duckin' them people, ha
your face was on the news last night, ha
you the one that robbed them little dudes out they shoes last night, ha
you don't go in the projects when it's dark, ha
you claim you a thug, and you ain't got no heart, ha
you came in the 'nolia on new year's eve, ha
you got stuck in that bitch, and you couldn't leave, ha
it was hard for you to breathe, ha
you a paper chaser, you got your block on fire
remaining a g until the moment you expire
you know what it is, you make nothin' out of somethin'
you handle your biz and don't be cryin' and sufferin'
you a paper chaser, you got your block on fire
remaining a g until the moment you expire
you know what it is, you make nothin' out of somethin'
you handle your biz and don't be cryin' and sufferin'
you got a trespassing charge, ha
that dick got hard, ha, when you was lookin' at them little broads, ha
you don't know when to quit, ha
that's you with that shot-callin' shit, ha
that's you with that ballin' shit, ha
that's you that's takin' them hits, ha
that ho don't know when to shut up her mouth, ha
you gon' knock that ho teeth out, ha
you done switched from nikes to reeboks, ha
you twinkle your golds every time you leave your house, ha
them income tax checks out, ha
you 'bout to flip that, ha
you 'bout to go score you a gram, ha
you gon' treat your nose, ha
you 'bout to go put the dope dick on one of these hoes, ha
when you broke, you drove, ha
when you paid, you got beaucoup places to go, ha
you on top, ha
you rob a nigga shop, ha
you don't even think you can be stopped, ha
you ridin' in the benz on twenty-inch rims, ha
you a paper chaser, you got your block on fire
remaining a g until the moment you expire
you know what it is you make nothin' out of somethin'
you handle your biz and don't be cryin' and sufferin'
you a paper chaser, you got your block on fire
remaining a g until the moment you expire
you know what it is you make nothin' out of somethin'
you handle your biz and don't be cryin' and sufferin'
whoa, whoa, whoa
whoa, whoa, whoa
(woodie) woo, woo, woo!
(how do you love that?)
nigga, nigga
let's say you're at a dj and them boys pullin' guns
you better run for it, run for it, run
you in the magnolia and my people pullin' guns
you better run for it, run for it, run
let's say you got 'em under the ropes and know the police about to come
you better run for it, run for it, run
let's say you in the yard and them boys pullin' guns
you better run for it, run for it, run

--- B.G. - Cash Money Is An Army ---
shit just too real
respect my mind, on the real i'm tellin' you what's real
shit just too real
i'ma come like this
money makin' is my thing 'cause i'm tryna be rich
tryna put away mills, that's why i'm in the studio on my shit
droppin' rap after rap like you sell ki' after ki'
backed up by the best, fresh droppin' beat after beat
my clique is the hot boys, best believe we so hot
and dangerous if we in beef, we'll clear the whole block
no fading us at all, nigga, 'cause we roll too deep
with aks off safety knockin' niggas off they feet
i go by the name the b.g. 
i ride on chrome in the '98 lex es 3'
i bust a nigga dome for baby, known as b-3
and all these niggas know my dog'll do the same for me, we family
cash money is a army, nigga, a navy nigga
so if you ever try to harm me, nigga, it ain't gravy, nigga
don't playa hate me, nigga, 'cause i'll leave your shit stale
light your ass up real good and you will never get well
cash money is a army, nigga, a navy, nigga
so if you ever try to harm me, nigga, it ain't gravy, nigga
cash money is a army, nigga, a navy, nigga
so if you ever try to harm me, nigga, it ain't gravy, nigga
i got a path that you don't wanna cross
but if you do decide to cross, your wig get knocked off
i play it raw 'cause it's a dirty game, a dirty world
i play it raw and do my thing, nigga, fuck the world
ain't nothin' change, we still floss in the best of rides
i ain't got to name it, you know what it is on twenty-inch tires
i know i'm tired of these bitches tryna get me killed
i'm tired of these stankin' hoes smilin' in my grill, shit just too real
and i'm in a battlefield tryna get my mills
it ain't no secret i got skills to pay the bills
i'm climbin' up the fuckin' hills
cash money highly respected without a major deal
i'm still that chopper city nigga that like to chill
your head still a banana, if you slip, it will get peeled
i drop my nuts in any situation, any day
'cause on the real, b.g. 'bout trigga play, trigga play
cash money is a army, nigga, a navy, nigga
so if you ever try to harm me, nigga, it ain't gravy, nigga
cash money is a army, nigga, a navy, nigga
so if you ever try to harm me, nigga, it ain't gravy, nigga
my stomping ground is the motherfuckin' u.p.t. 
you want me, i can be found on v.l. in the 13
rest in peace, my heart goes out to my round l.t. 
a slim nigga with two at the bottom, four 'cross the t-o-p
a h.b., a trill nigga, a hard up rider
lay low and be cool, i'll meet your on the other side
i been thinkin' 'bout you day and night
without you on my all-night flight, it don't go right
but you know one thing, i been keepin' it real
your lil' one is like mine, ain't gon' miss a meal
i'm still, still shining like you left me, dawg
my rolex still winding like you left it for
me and my clique still ball, still stunt for sure
i just got the mercedes jeep off the showroom floor
our dawg valle done touched down, we just maintainin'
representin' draining, gone to hotels trainin'
trainin', drainin', fucking these hoes all day and all night
cash money is a army, nigga, a navy, nigga
so if you ever try to harm me, nigga, it ain't gravy, nigga
cash money is a army, nigga, a navy, nigga
so if you ever try to harm me, nigga, it ain't gravy, nigga
cash money is a army, nigga, a navy, nigga
so if you ever try to harm me, nigga, it ain't gravy, nigga
cash money is a army, nigga, a navy, nigga
so if you ever try to harm me, nigga, it ain't gravy, nigga

--- Yung Joc - It’s Goin’ Down ---
this a nitti beat
yeah, here we go again (boing)
bad boy south, ghettoville u.s.a. (bloc entertainment)
you know i go by the name nitti, right? (yeah, uh-huh)
i gotta introduce you to another motherfucker out my squad, right (yeah, yeah, who this nigga, man?)
this nigga go by the name of joc (joc?, yung joc, yeah)
he resides in college park (collegepark, c.p.)
but for right now, what we gotta do for y'all (what we gonna do?, yeah)
we gotta give y'all a hit (huh)
niggas in my face (ayy), damn near er' day (ayy)
ask a million questions like, "joc, where ya' stay?" (stay)
tell 'em college park (park), where they chop cars (cars)
get twenty grand, spend a grand at the bar (uh)
just bought a zone, j's on my feet
i'm on that patron, so get like me
'69 cutlass (yeah), with the bucket seats (uh-huh)
beat in my trunk, bought it just for the freaks (yeah)
catch me in the hood (yeah), posted at the store (store)
pistol in my lap, on the phone counting dough (yeah)
if your girl choose, let her do her thing
just like her mama, nice ass, nice brain (hop on, hop on)
er'body love me, i'm so fly (fly)
niggas throw the deuces er'time i ride by
i know you wonder why i'm so cool (why, cool, yeah)
don't ask me, just do what you do (okay, okay)
meet me in the trap, it's goin' down
meet me in the mall, it's goin' down
meet me in the club, it's goin' down
anywhere you meet me, guaranteed to go down
meet me in the trap, it's goin' down
meet me in the mall, it's goin' down
meet me in the club, it's goin' down
anywhere you meet me, guaranteed to go down
verse number two (ayy), do the damn thing (ayy, uh-huh)
cubes on my neck, pockets full of ben frank's (frank's, uh-huh)
when i'm in the mall (mall), hoes just pause (pause)
i pop a few tags, give me that on the wall (uh)
time to flip the work, make the block bump (bump)
boys in the hood call me black donald trump (haha)
dope boy magic (yeah), seven days a week (uh-huh, seven days)
number one record 'long as nitti on the beat (yeah)
ooh, i think they like me, better yet, i know (know)
lights, camera, action, when i walk through the door (door)
niggas know my crew (crew), we certified stars (stars)
valet in the front, 'bout thirty-five cars (thirty-five cars, hop on)
bitches in the back, black beamer coupe's (i like that)
girls liking girls (girls), time to recruit (recruit, yeah)
if you got a problem, say it to my face (yeah, my face)
we can knuckle up any time, any place (okay, okay)
meet me in the trap, it's goin' down
meet me in the mall, it's goin' down
meet me in the club, it's goin' down
anywhere ya meet me, guaranteed to go down
meet me in the trap, it's goin' down
meet me in the mall, it's goin' down
meet me in the club, it's goin' down
anywhere ya meet me, guaranteed to go down
time to set it off (ayy), let these niggas know (uh-huh)
have ya ever seen a chevy with the butterfly doors? (yeah, uh-huh)
i ride real slow (slow), no need to speed (nope)
gotta make sure you see the buckets on my feet (uh, on my feet)
feds on my trail, but they don't think i know (know)
i keep my hands clean 'cause i never touch dope (touch dope)
every time i see 'em (see' em), look 'em in they eyes (they eyes)
ask me how i know (huh), it's me, surprise (yeah)
put it in the air (yeah), rep where you stay (way)
take a step back, blow the kush in they face (face, yeah, uh-huh)
stuntin' is a habit, let 'em see the karats
i'ma make it rain nigga, i ain't scared to share it (what? hop on, hop on)
meet me in the trap, it's goin' down
meet me in the mall, it's goin' down
meet me in the club, it's goin' down
anywhere ya meet me, guaranteed to go down
meet me in the trap, it's goin' down
meet me in the mall, it's goin' down
meet me in the club, it's goin' down
anywhere ya meet me, guaranteed to go down (yeah, yeah)
yung joc...
nitti strikes again
this a nitti beat
playmaker
so so def, motherfucker

--- Rich Boy - Throw Some D’s ---
i used to think about immature things. you know, like, "do you love me? do you want me? are you gon' call me like you said you would? is this really your real phone number?"
gangstas in this house
zone 4
(yeah, yeah, yeah)
get money
new money
(this what they been waiting on)
hey!
rich boy sellin' crack, fuck niggas wanna jack
shit tight, no slack, just bought a cadillac
(throw—throw some d's on that bitch!)
just bought a cadillac
(throw some—throw some d's on that bitch!)
just bought a cadillac (throw—th—throw)
rich boy sellin' crack, fuck niggas wanna jack
shit tight, no slack, just bought a cadillac
(th—throw some d's on that bitch!)
just bought a cadillac (th—throw some d's on that bitch!)
just bought a cadillac (throw—throw—)
rich boy sellin' crack, fuck niggas wanna jack
shit tight, no slack, just bought a cadillac
took it to the chop shop, got the damn top dropped
two colored flip flopped, candy-red lollipop
(it's hoes in the parking lot!) but i still got my glock cocked
new money, motherfucker, don't you see the big knot?
don't you see the big chain? don't you see the big rims?
wonder who they hatin' on lately? baby, this him
candy paint, gator-skin seats, call me "dundee"
pope in your hood, i'm the one that you wanna be
haters wish they could feel the wood in my '83
riding with no tint so them motherfuckers know it's me
rich boy sellin' crack, fuck niggas wanna jack
shit tight, no slack, just bought a cadillac
(throw—throw some d's on that bitch!)
just bought a cadillac
(throw some—throw some d's on that bitch!)
just bought a cadillac (throw—th—throw)
rich boy sellin' crack, fuck niggas wanna jack
shit tight, no slack, just bought a cadillac
(th—throw some d's on that bitch!)
just bought a cadillac (th—throw some d's on that bitch!)
just bought a cadillac (throw—throw—)
i never slip, i never fall
a lot of hoes give me they numbers, but i never call
a real o.g., look at v.i.p. and see a nigga ball
then, after we hit the club, baby, i'ma hit them drawers
yeah, i'm gonna break you off... (and that's all!)
every freak should have a picture of my dick... (on they wall)
polow be the shit, zone 4 be the clique
yeah, this for my dogs, yeah, gangsters, hustlers
wankstas, busters—(wait a minute, motherfucker)
rich boy sellin' crack, fuck niggas wanna jack
shit tight, no slack, just bought a cadillac
(throw—throw some d's on that bitch!)
just bought a cadillac
(throw some—throw some d's on that bitch!)
just bought a cadillac (throw—th—throw)
rich boy sellin' crack, fuck niggas wanna jack
shit tight, no slack, just bought a cadillac
(th—throw some d's on that bitch!)
just bought a cadillac (th—throw some d's on that bitch!)
just bought a cadillac (throw—throw—)
hit the block on some new ten thousand-dollar wheels
can't explain how i feel, touching gator on my wheel
got peanut butter ice cream peter pan seats
just got a fresh cut, now we looking for them freaks
take a bad yellow bitch, make her drop them drawers
i'ma show you how to ball, middle finger to the law
so fuck them niggas, what they wanna do?
hating on a player 'cause my 'lac skate in 22s
when i pull up, i'ma park right at the front
pour lean in my cup, got purp in my blunt
i'm a real pimp, bitch, i ain't playin' like a trick
just bought a new 'lac and put them thangs on that bitch
rich boy sellin' crack, fuck niggas wanna jack
shit tight, no slack, just bought a cadillac
(throw—throw some d's on that bitch!)
just bought a cadillac
(throw some—throw some d's on that bitch!)
just bought a cadillac (throw—th—throw)
rich boy sellin' crack, fuck niggas wanna jack
shit tight, no slack, just bought a cadillac
(th—throw some d's on that bitch!)
just bought a cadillac (th—throw some d's on that bitch!)
just bought a cadillac (throw—throw—)

--- Soulja Boy - Turn My Swag On ---
soulja boy tell 'em
hopped up out the bed, turn my swag on
took a look in the mirror, said, "what's up?"
yeah, i'm gettin' money, oh
hopped up out the bed, turn my swag on
took a look in the mirror, said, "what's up?"
yeah, i'm gettin' money, oh
turn my swag on
it's my turn, now turn it up
yeah, yeah
i put my team on, then my theme song
now it's time to turn it up
yeah, yeah
i got a question, “why they hatin' on me?”
i got a question, “why they hatin' on me?”
i ain't did nothin' to 'em, but count this money
and put my team on, now my whole clique stuntin'
boy, what's up? yeah
boy, what's up? yeah
when i was nine years old
i put it in my head i'ma die for this gold
soulja boy tell 'em
(boy, what's up?)
hopped up out the bed, turn my swag on
took a look in the mirror, said, "what's up?"
yeah, i'm gettin' money, oh
hopped up out the bed, turn my swag on
took a look in the mirror, said, "what's up?"
yeah, i'm gettin' money, oh
i'm back again
i know a lot of y'all thought i wasn't comin' back
yeah, yeah
i had to prove 'em wrong
got back in the studio and came up with another hit
yeah, yeah
i told the world my story
the world where i'm from, souljaboyxl.com
boy what's up? yeah, yeah
now every time you see me spit, every time you hear me rhyme
every time you see me in your state or town, say, "what's up?"
yeah, yeah
soulja boy tell 'em
hopped up out the bed, turn my swag on
took a look in the mirror, said, "what's up?"
yeah, i'm gettin' money, oh
hopped up out the bed, turn my swag on
took a look in the mirror, said, "what's up?"
yeah, i'm gettin' money, oh

--- Wiz Khalifa - Black and Yellow ---
yeah, uh-huh, you know what it is
black and yellow, black and yellow
black and yellow, black and yellow
yeah, uh-huh, you know what it is
black and yellow, black and yellow
black and yellow, black and yellow
yeah, uh-huh, you know what it is
everything i do, yeah, i do it big
yeah, uh-huh, screaming: "that's nothin'!"
when i pulled off the lot, that's stuntin'
reppin' my town, when you see me you know everything
black and yellow, black and yellow
black and yellow, black and yellow
i put it down from the whip to my diamonds, i'm in
black and yellow, black and yellow
black and yellow, black and yellow
uh, black stripe, yellow paint
them niggas scared of it, but them hoes ain't
soon as i hit the club, look at them hoes' face
hit the pedal once, make the floor shake
suede inside, my engine roarin'
it’s the big boy, you know what i paid for it
and i got the pedal to the metal
got you niggas checking game, i’m ballin' out on every level
hear them haters talk, but there’s nothin' you can tell 'em
just made a million, got another million on my schedule
no love for 'em, nigga breaking hearts
no keys, push to start
yeah, uh-huh, you know what it is
everything i do, yeah, i do it big
yeah, uh-huh, screaming: "that's nothin'!"
when i pulled off the lot, that's stuntin'
reppin' my town, when you see me you know everything
black and yellow, black and yellow
black and yellow, black and yellow
i put it down from the whip to my diamonds, i'm in
black and yellow, black and yellow
black and yellow, black and yellow
got a call from my jeweler, this just in
and bitches love me ‘cause i'm fucking with their best friends
not a lesbian, but she a freak though
this ain't for one night, i’m shining all week, ho
i’m sippin' clicquot and rocking yellow diamonds
so many rocks up in my watch i can’t tell what the time is
got a pocket full of big faces
throw it up, 'cause every nigga that i’m with taylor'd
yeah, uh-huh, you know what it is
everything i do, yeah, i do it big
yeah, uh-huh, screaming: "that's nothin'!"
when i pulled off the lot, that's stuntin'
reppin' my town, when you see me you know everything
black and yellow, black and yellow
black and yellow, black and yellow
i put it down from the whip to my diamonds, i'm in
black and yellow, black and yellow
black and yellow, black and yellow
stay high like how i’m supposed to do
that crowd underneath them clouds can’t get close to you
and my car look unapproachable
super clean, but it's super mean
she wanna fuck with them cats, smoke weed, count stacks
get fly and take trips and that's that, real rap
i let her get high if she want and she feel that
convertible drop feel, ‘87, the top peeled back
yeah, uh-huh, you know what it is
yeah, yeah, uh-huh, you know what it is
you already know what it is, man
and if you don't, you should by now
reppin' my town, when you see me you know everything
black and yellow, black and yellow
black and yellow, black and yellow
i put it down from the whip to my diamonds, i'm in
black and yellow, black and yellow
black and yellow, black and yellow
yeah, uh-huh, you know what it is
everything i do, yeah, i do it big
yeah, uh-huh, screaming: "that's nothin'!"
when i pulled off the lot, that's stuntin'
reppin' my town, when you see me you know everything
black and yellow, black and yellow
black and yellow, black and yellow
i put it down from the whip to my diamonds, i'm in
black and yellow, black and yellow
black and yellow, black and yellow

--- Mac Miller - Best Day Ever ---
i never take a day off
work around the clock, my engineer gettin' paid off
rock like aesop, light the weed and take off
so high i cannot see, adolf
now i got these rappers all breakin' up a sweat
'cause every time i get up on the mic, it come correct
and i learned it from the best, always dressed in somethin' fresh
lookin' for a little dime, big butt and nice chest
yes, they heard i used to rock guess
but now i'm rockin' clothes that ain't in the stores yet
travel back in time, i'm in a vortex
tryna make it work out, think i need more reps
used to take a bus, now the boy board jets
'cause k.i.d.s. got me buzzin' like a fuckin' hornet
they say i got next, tell them that i got now
it's all disney, boy, my family proud
make 'em say, "ow," make 'em say, "oh"
the hoes that tell me "yes," the same ones that tell ya "no"
woah, i ain't just an average joe, way above the average flow
boy, my life is most dope, uh
no matter where life takes me, find me with a smile
pursuit to be happy, only laughin' like a child
i never thought life would be this sweet
it got me cheesin' from cheek to cheek, ayy, ayy
and i ain't gonna wait for nothin'
'cause that just ain't my style
life couldn't get better
this gon' be the best day ever
if it ain't about a dream, then it ain't about me
go a couple full weeks without a good night's sleep
imagination, makin', musical creation
the journey that i'm facin' plus the paper that i'm chasin'
got me crazy, half-insane, and with the lames i see you hatin'
but there's nothin' that you changin', thumbs up, i'm maintainin'
no complainin' when it's rainin', i'll be in another zone
move out my mother's home to a world i call my own
i ain't gonna play around no more
find a difference from the ground and the floor
if we gotta fight, i'll be down for the war
thumbs up, homie, i'll be sure
no matter where life takes me, find me with a smile
pursuit to be happy, only laughin' like a child
i never thought life would be this sweet
it got me cheesin' from cheek to cheek, ayy, ayy
and i ain't gonna wait for nothin'
'cause that just ain't my style
life couldn't get better
this gon' be the best day ever

--- Kid Cudi - Pursuit of happiness (kid cudi cover) ---
crush a bit, little bit, roll it up, take a hit
feelin' lit feelin' light, 2 am summer night
i don't care, hand on the wheel, driving drunk, i'm doin' my thing
rollin the midwest side and out livin' my life getting' out dreams
people told me slow my roll i'm screaming out fuck that
imma do just what i want lookin' ahead no turnin' back
if i fall if i die know i lived it to the fullest
if i fall if i die know i lived and missed some bullets
i'm on the pursuit of happiness and i know everything that shine ain't always gonna be gold
i'll be fine once i get it, yeah
i'll be good
i'm on the pursuit of happiness and i know everything that shine ain't always gonna be gold
i'll be fine once i get it, yeah
i'll be good
tell me what you know about dreamin' dreamin'
you don't really know about nothin' nothin'
tell me what you know about them night terrors every night
5 am, cold sweats wakin' up to the sky
tell me what you know about dreams, dreams
tell me what you know about night terrors, nothin'
you don't really care about the trials of tomorrow
rather lay awake in a bed full of sorrow
i'm on the pursuit of happiness and i know everything that shine ain't always gonna be gold
i'll be fine once i get it, yeah
i'll be good
i'm on the pursuit of happiness and i know everything that shine ain't always gonna be gold
i'll be fine once i get it, yeah
i'll be good
i'm on the pursuit of happiness
i know everything that shine ain't always gold
i'll be fine once i get it, yeah
i'll be good
i'm on the pursuit of happiness and i kno
everything that shine ain't always gonna be gold, hey
i'll be fine once i get it, yeah
i'll be good
puri'm on the pursuit of happiness and i kno
everything that shine ain't always gonna be gold, hey
i'll be fine once i get it, yeah
i'll be goodsuit of happiness, yeah
i don't get it, i'll be good

--- CeeLo Green - Forget You ---
i see you drivin' 'round town with the girl i love
and i'm like, "forget you" (ooh-ooh-ooh)
i guess the change in my pocket wasn't enough
i'm like, "forget you and forget her too"
said if i was richer, i'd still be with ya
hah, now ain't that some shh? (ain't that some shh?)
and although there's pain in my chest
i still wish you the best
with a "forget you" (ooh, ooh, ooh-ooh)
uh, look here, i'm sorry, i can't afford a ferrari
but that don't mean i can't get you there (huh)
i guess he's an xbox and i'm more atari (mmm)
but the way you play your game ain't fair (uh)
i pity the fool, that falls in love with you, oh
oops, she's a gold digger
(well?) just thought you should know, n****
ooh-ooh-ooh, i've got some news for you (huh-uh)
("yeah, go run and tell your little boyfriend”)
i see you drivin' 'round town with the girl i love
and i'm like, "forget you" (ooh-ooh-ooh)
i guess the change in my pocket wasn't enough
i'm like, "forget you and forget her too"
said if i was richer, i'd still be with ya
hah, now ain't that some shh? (ain't that some shh?)
and although there's pain in my chest
i still wish you the best
with a "forget you" (ooh, ooh, ooh-ooh)
now i know, that i had to borrow, huh
beg and steal and lie and cheat (yeah)
tryin' to keep ya, tryin' to please ya
'cause being in love with your *** ain't cheap, nah
i pity the fool, that falls in love with you, oh
oh, shh, she's a gold digger
(well?) just thought you should know
ooh-ooh-ooh, i've got some news for you (huh-uh)
ooh, i really hate yo *** right now
i see you drivin' 'round town with the girl i love
and i'm like, "forget you" (ooh, ooh, ooh)
i guess the change in my pocket wasn't enough
i'm like, "forget you and forget her too"
said if i was richer, i'd still be with ya
hah, now ain't that some shh? (ain't that some shh?)
and although there's pain in my chest
i still wish you the best
with a "forget you" (ooh, ooh, ooh-ooh)
now, baby, baby, baby, why you wanna, wanna hurt me so bad? (so bad, so bad, so bad)
i tried to tell my momma, but she told me, "this is one for your dad"
(your dad, your dad, your dad)
yes, she did, and i'm like
uh, why?
uh, why?
uh, why, lady?
oh, i love you
oh, i still love you, oh-oh
i see you drivin' 'round town with the girl i love
uh, "forget you" (ooh-ooh-ooh)
i guess the change in my pocket wasn't enough
i'm like, "forget you and forget her too"
said if i was richer, i'd still be with ya
hah, now ain't that some shh? (ain't that some shh?)
and although there's pain in my chest
i still wish you the best
with a "forget you" (ooh, ooh, ooh-ooh)

--- Snoop Dogg - Gin and Juice ---
(ahh) hahaha, i'm serious, nigga
one of y'all niggas got some bad motherfuckin' breath (oh, man)
ayy, baby, ayy, baby (shit)
ayy, baby, gimme some bubblegum in this motherfucker or somethin', haha
ride with me to get somethin' to eat, dog, ayy, nigga
study long, study wrong, nigga
with so much drama in the l-b-c
it's kind of hard bein' snoop d-o-double-g
but i, somehow, some way
keep comin' up with funky-ass shit, like, every single day
may i kick a little something (yeah)
for the gs and make a few ends (yeah)
as i breeze through? two in the mornin'
and the party's still jumpin' 'cause my mama ain't home
i got bitches in the livin' room gettin' it on, and
they ain't leavin' 'til six in the mornin' (six in the mornin', six in the mornin')
so what you wanna do? shit
i got a pocket full of rubbers and my homeboys do too
so turn off the lights and close the doors
but (but what?) we don't love them hoes (yeah)
so we gon' smoke an ounce to this
gs up, hoes down while you motherfuckers bounce to this
rollin' down the street, smokin' indo
sippin' on gin and juice
laid back
with my mind on my money and my money on my mind
rollin' down the street, smokin' indo
sippin' on gin and juice
laid back
with my mind on my money and my money on my mind
now that i got me some seagram's gin
everybody got they cups, but they ain't chipped in
now this type of shit happens all the time
you gotta get yours, but fool, i gotta get mine
everything is fine when you listening to the d-o-g
i got the cultivating music that be captivating he
who listens to the words that i speak
as i take me a drank to the middle of the street
and get to mackin' to this bitch named sadie (sadie?)
she used to be the homeboy's lady (oh, that bitch?)
eighty degrees when i tell that bitch, "please
raise up off these n-u-ts, 'cause you gets none of these"
at ease, as i mob with the dogg pound
feel the breeze biatch, i'm just
rollin' down the street, smokin' indo
sippin' on gin and juice
laid back
with my mind on my money and my money on my mind
rollin' down the street, smokin' indo
sippin' on gin and juice
laid back
with my mind on my money and my money on my mind
later on that day, my homie dr. dre
came through with a gang of tanqueray
and a fat ass j of some bubonic chronic
that made me choke, shit, this ain't no joke
i had to back up off of it and sit my cup down
tanqueray and chronic, yeah, i'm fucked up now
but it ain't no stoppin', i'm still poppin'
dre got some bitches from the city of compton
to serve me, not with a cherry on top
'cause when i bust my nut, i'm raising up out the cot
don't get upset, girl, that's just how it goes
i don't love you hoes, i'm out the door, and i'll be
rollin' down the street, smokin' indo
sippin' on gin and juice
laid back
with my mind on my money and my money on my mind
rollin' down the street, smokin' indo
sippin' on gin and juice
laid back
with my mind on my money and my money on my mind
rollin' down the street, smokin' indo
sippin' on gin and juice
biatch
with my mind on my money and my money on my mind
rollin' down the street, smokin' indo
sippin' on gin and juice
biatch
with my mind on my money and my money on my mind

--- Warren G - Regulate ---
regulators
we regulate any stealin' of his property
we're damn good too
but you can't be any geek off the street
you gotta be handy with the steel, if you know what i mean
earn your keep
regulators, mount up
it was a clear black night, a clear white moon
warren g was on the streets, tryin' to consume
some skirts for the eve, so i can get some phones
rollin' in my ride, chillin' all alone
just hit the eastside of the lbc
on a mission, tryin' to find mr. warren g
seen a car full of girls, ain't no need to tweak
all you skirts know what's up with 213
so i hooks a left on 21 and lewis
some brothers shootin' dice, so i said, "let's do this"
i jumped out the ride and said, "what's up?"
some brothers pulled some gats, so i said, "i'm stuck"
since these girls peepin' me, i'ma glide and swerve
these hookers lookin' so hard, they straight hit the curb
onto bigger, better things than some horny tricks
i see my homie and some suckers all in his mix
i'm gettin' jacked, i'm breakin' myself
i can't believe they takin' warren's wealth
they took my rings, they took my rolex
i looked at the brothers, said, "damn, what's next?"
they got my homie hemmed up and they all around
can't none of them see him if they goin' straight pound-for-pound
they wanna come up real quick before they start to clown
i best pull out my strap and lay them busters down
they got guns to my head, i think i'm goin' down
i can't believe it's happenin' in my own town
if i had wings, i would fly, let me contemplate
i glanced in the cut and i see my homie nate
sixteen in the clip and one in the hole
nate dogg is about to make some bodies turn cold
now they droppin' and yellin', it's a tad bit late
nate dogg and warren g had to regulate
i laid all them busters down, i let my gat explode
now i'm switchin' my mind back into freak mode
if you want skirts, sit back and observe
i just left a gang of hoes over there on the curb
now, nate got the freaks and that's a known fact
before i got jacked, i was on the same track
back up, back up 'cause it's on
n-a-t-e and me, the warren to the g
just like i thought, they were in the same spot, in need of some desperate help
but nate dogg and the g child were in need of somethin' else
one of them dames was sexy as hell, i said, "ooh, i like your size"
she said, "my car's broke down and you seem real nice, would you let me ride?"
i got a car full of girls and it's goin' real swell
the next stop is the eastside motel
i'm tweaking into a whole new era
g-funk, step to this, i dare you
funk on a whole new level
the rhythm is the bass and the bass is the treble
chords, strings, we brings melody, g-funk
where rhythm is life and life is rhythm
if you know like i know, you don't wanna step to this
it's the g-funk era, funked out with a gangster twist
if you smoke like i smoke, then you're high like every day
and if your ass is a buster, 213 will regulate

--- Nate Dogg - I Got Love ---
i got love... i got love...
i got love... i got love...
i got love — i got love for my homies who be rollin' with me
play no game — play no games 'cause ain't nobody playin' with me
i got love — i got love for my niggas on my family tree
i got love — love for the ghetto, down for whatever
if you was down before, then you still gon' be down with me
i got game — i got game 'cause the game was given to me
say my name - say my name 'cause ain't nobody tighter than me
give it up - give it up, if you like the way i'm rocking this beat
i don't know — know nothin' better, chasin' my cheddar
if you in love with a whore — you ain't never listened to me
wah-ooooh, ooooh, oooh, oooh oooh oooh oooh oooh
wah-ooooh, ooooh, oooh, oooh oooh oooh oooh oooh
wah-ooooh, ooooh, oooh, oooh oooh oooh oooh oooh
wah-ooooh
captain save — cap-tain save a hooker 'cause she hangin' on me
she can't hang — she can't hang 'cause i ain't lookin' fo' a wifey
just in case — just in case, i better take a weapon with me
and these hoes — hoes keep cover, down for whatever
if she stress me some more, i'll leave her half-dead in the street
run me how? run me how? the haters, they be all in the mix
when they know — when they know, it ain't gon' get no better than this
can't they see? can't they see we ain't some niggas they wanna diss?
d.p.g. — i'll love a trick never, treat a bitch never
i told you before so you better not be fuckin' with me
wah-ooh, ooh, ooh, ooh ooh ooh ooh ooh
wah-ooh, ooh, ooh, ooh ooh ooh ooh ooh
wah-ooh, ooh, ooh, ooh ooh ooh ooh ooh
platinum chains — plat-inum chains is all you ever see on my neck
diamond ring — dia-mond rings as long as i can keep her in check
all the same — all the same, as long as you don't ever forget
i was taught in the ghetto, wear the tight bellow
if she head for the stash, i always got this pistol with me
constantly — constantly, we bustin' to a hell of a beat
then we came — then we came 'cause the bass'll knock you off of your feet
just that deep — just that deep, i betcha we be movin' ya feet
voice kinda mellow, place from the ghetto
if you still want some more, go and get the fuckin' cd
i got love... i got love...
i got love... i got love...
i got love... i got love...

--- Kurupt - We Can Freak It ---
zzzzz, zzzzz, zzzzz, zzzzz
owwwwww
this for all y'all (all y'all, all over, all over)
bounce, rock, roll, and skatin'
bounce, rock, roller
dippin' down the street on platinum daytons
i been all around the world, japan to amsterdam
hittin' like switches
dippin', hit the switches, which is
one reason why i gotta make mine
'cause these fools on the streets tryin' to take mine
what's up, lady? times gettin' shady
you gotta lipstick with it
that's why i'm sick with' it
hard to maintain in this world of pain
but i'ma serve these rhymes like dimes of 'caine (check it out)
why can't we just chill and get along, motherfucker?
the views you choose to use is wrong, motherfucker
relax, me and baby s got it mapped to the tee
just ride with me
battlecat in the back with a sack on deez
ridin' with the young ogs (ogs)
dippin' down shaw, fuck all of y'all
as we bounce, rock, skate on threes
(on threes, on threes)
we can freak it (uh-huh)
freak if you want to, babe (say what)
dine if you want to (uh-huh)
but communicate (sex and power)
and you know (yeah)
that we can freak it (uh-huh)
freak if you want to, babe (bounce, bounce)
dine if you want to (uh-huh)
but communicate and you know
now let me tell you how i started on the grind for mine
livin' life in my rearview, s, nigga, hear you
about to drop the bomb
record one and blue calm and yukons
and john hook my shit up bomb
who controllin'?
rollin' with my nigga from the pound
put my shit in cruise, control with bitches all around
make me feel like a g once more
he once smoked for free
now it's all about the g's and he
oh, yeah
blaze up a whole sack to the head
we wear khakis, nigga, fuck jeans
i'm sure all the g's know what i mean
lil' locs, young g's and ogs (ogs)
we on the smash for cash and that's it
we hit the stash and dash and that's it
we don't flash we mash we blast shit
and we don't give a fuck about a bitch, but, uh
we can freak it (uh-uh)
freak if you want to (bitch)
dine if you want to (uh-huh)
but communicate (sex and power)
and you know that we can freak it (uh-huh)
freak if you want to, babe (say what)
dine if you want to, but (bitch)
communicate and you know
yeah, check the bitch up, nigga
throw it up, nigga, give it up, nigga (give it up)
throw it up, nigga, give it up, nigga
throw it up, nigga, give it up, nigga (give it up)
throw it up, nigga, give it up, nigga
throw it up, nigga (throw it up, nigga, wow-hoo)
give it up, nigga, throw it up, nigga
ohh, give it up, give it up, nigga
throw it up, nigga, give it up, nigga
throw it up, nigga
why you trippin' with me?
won't you kick it with me?
just on the block, combinin' nots (ahh)
i got me somebody bad as shit (bad as shit)
while all the rest of y'all is mad as shit (mad as shit)
i'm dippin' down the street in a sky-blue bentley (skrrt)
pull up to the curve, then swerve gently (oh, what's up, homie?)
ten of the homies (ten of the homies), or maybe less
but they all ride with kurupt, cat, and baby s
(so, uh, so, so)
we can freak it (uh-huh)
freak if you want to, babe (yeah)
dine if you want to, but (uh-huh)
communicate (sex and power)
and you know that we can freak it (uh-huh)
freak if you want to, babe (yeah)
dine if you want to, but (uh-huh)
communicate and you know (battlecat)
we can freak it (why you make a beat like this?)
freak if you want to, babe, babe (hahaha)
dine if you want to (baby, yes, what? )
but communicate (sex and power) and you know
that we can freak it (kurupt young gotti)
freak if you want to, babe (war dog)
dine if you want to, but (paul)
communicate and you know (yeah)
we can freak it (all the ladies)
freak if you want to, babe (ridin' mercedes)
dine if you want to (all the niggas)
but communicate (sex and power)
and you know that we can freak it (we wearin' khakis)
freak if you want to, babe, babe
dine if you want to, but (we all real g's)
communicate and you know (to all my ogs)
we can freak it (like big u)
freak if you want to, babe, babe (uh, uh, we love you too, uh)
dine if you want to, but (all the homies)
communicate and you know (my big homeboy, snoop)

--- Daz Dillinger - In California ---
comin' from the city where no pity is shown shown shown shown
in california
in californ-i-a
rollin' down crenshaw boulevard
starin' at these suckers who claim to be hard
daz dillinger and tha gang
who can blast and gangbang, hahaa
in california
in californ-i-a
who gives it up and who be rocking all that rough stuff
all in the cut it's young daz with the pimp strut
struck game on those who act lame
see, ain't a damn thang changed
you know i ride the neighborhood slow
floss on you and let the wind blow
true indeed i'm havin' a ball
pick up the phone and give my homies a call
what's up with y'all? (what's up y'all?)
livin' in the city where we born to ball
roll up a philly, we pack it tight
what a pity, what a sight
inhaling something all damn night
got what i need, it got me kinda feelin' so live
hennessy got a brother so feelin' so high
peel out and skate, enjoy my day and i love to burn rubber
pump up the jam for the summer
gimme your regal, snoop got the hummer
kinda make you wanna sit back and wonder for the summer
(in california, in california)
the home of the city of the crips and the bloods
(in californ-i-a, californ-i-a)
where you can get got for who they thought you was
(in california, california)
the home of the city of the crips and the bloods
(in californ-i-a, californ-i-a)
where you can get shot over who they thought you was
who there? back by a popular demand
daz dillinger back in effect, homie, once again
the question is why y'all got a problem with me gettin' live
say the wrong thing, get fried
prepare in effect, homie so prepare and beware
causin' ruckus, all bein' fair
daz dillinger finally alone in my zone
be by myself in a place that i call home
check it out, peep out the scenery
ya mean to mean nuthin' to me, ya keep frontin' to me
i hit you up dogg pound all come around
lay 'em all down homies be frontin' for they town
throw it up, east side, west side bumpin'
california's the state where we be causing ruckus and i love it
(in california, in california)
the home of the city of the crips and the bloods
(in californ-i-a, californ-i-a)
where you can get got for who they thought you was
(in california, california)
the home of the city of the crips and the bloods
(in californ-i-a, californ-i-a)
where you can get shot over who they thought you was
(the only ill scene to do somethin' for ya it's a place where everybody wanna see once that you visit see all the places you may never wanna leave)
here i am stompin' down choppin' down yo compound
knockin' all y'all out thirty seconds in the first round
who come around get destroyed off contact
realize and understand homie you don't want that
peep me out, let's engage in military action
women, dope and drama keep me active
bump all that bullsh- you yappin'
them beats and that bullsh- you yappin'
i'm about walkin', g walkin' and smackin'
trippin', actin, you don't really want none of this action
homie, you better watch out, cause nothin' can save ya
tattooin' y'all with razors
mashin' on it getting penetrated him but i grazed him
now they callin' daz the usual playa hater
back on the spot, feelin' live
watchin' as the cops pass by, feelin' live
homie i ain't lyin'
who the man from long beach, california to japan
rockin' like run dmc, homie, without a band in hand i rock and control the whole scene
watch it unfold, get scold, get blown away
any other rapper pay dearly, severely, y'all come and hear me
damn, you get bruised, battered and slammed
people tryin' to see who i am, im diggy daz
(in california, in california)
the home of the city of the crips and the bloods
(in californ-i-a, californ-i-a)
where you can get got for who they thought you was
(in california, california)
the home of the city of the crips and the bloods
(in californ-i-a, californ-i-a)
where you can get shot over who they thought you was
(the only ill scene to do somethin' for ya it's a place where everybody wanna see once that you visit see all the places you may never wanna leave)
(in california, in california)
the home of the city of the crips and the bloods
(in californ-i-a, californ-i-a)
where you can get got for who they thought you was
(in california, california)
the home of the city of the crips and the bloods
(in californ-i-a, californ-i-a)
where you can get shot over who they thought you was
(the only ill scene to do somethin' for ya it's a place where everybody wanna see once that you visit see all the places you may never wanna leave)

--- Xzibit - Paparazzi ---
yes, 1996 marks the beginning of a new era
dysfunctional member of the alkaholiks family, ha
it’s xzibit! bring it live, one time, like this
sometimes i wonder if it’s all worth my while
xzibit stay versatile with million dollar lifestyle
and i could feel it as a child growing up
the niggas that was real and the niggas that was scared as fuck
that's why xzibit only roll with a chosen few
you ain't really real, i can tell when i look at you
so ease off the trigger-talk, you ain’t killin' shit
it’s not affecting me or the niggas that i'm chillin' with
i don’t believe the hype or buy wolf tickets
nigga, you make a gang of noise and never seen, like a cricket
i guess that’s why we never kick it
a lot of niggas is soft and get tossed, tryna fuck with the likwit
how many niggas do you know like this?
always claimin' that they ridin', but they really turned bitch
it don’t make sense, either you’re a soldier from the start
or an actor with a record deal tryna play the part—like that!
it’s a shame, niggas in the rap game
only for the money and the fame (extra large!)
it’s a shame, niggas in the rap game
only for the money and the fame, paparazzi!
it’s a shame, niggas in the rap game
only for the money and the fame (extra large!)
it’s a shame, niggas in the rap game
only for the money and the fame,  paparazzi!
see, i don’t need no lights, no cameras – just action, goddamn it
never no superstar, i'm more like a planet
so my composure is kept, while others start to sweat
emergin' from the fog with my fucked-up dialogue
tryna live high on the hog leaves you bankrupt
and niggas you spent it on would not give a fuck
and that’s deep – how deep? it’s deeper than atlantis
home of the scandalous, big bad los angeles
dangerous, vandalous, yo, not to be trusted
so, how the fuck is you hard, not being scarred by the boulevard?
i'm pullin' that card, and saying, "gin, motherfucker!"
flowin' like liquid – soak it in, motherfucker!
i'm breakin' it down, my sound surrounds like death
from the west, puttin' whole counties to the test
it’s all in perspective, breaker one-nine copy
this is for the niggas gettin' caught up in the paparazzi
it’s a shame, niggas in the rap game
only for the money and the fame (extra large!)
it’s a shame, niggas in the rap game
only for the money and the fame, paparazzi!
it’s a shame, niggas in the rap game
only for the money and the fame (extra large!)
it’s a shame, niggas in the rap game
only for the money and the fame, paparazzi!
niggas smoke stress and crossdress, but i just play the back
others going through schemes and pipe dreams for a contract
real tightly rolled, fuck ’em all how i feel
i made a cool half mill' before i had a record deal
therefore, you look and stare like it’s magic
but too much of anything can make you an addict
when devils be startin' static, break out the automatic
i set it off straight, i spread hate, then i vacate
but wait! who dares to cross this path?
yo, i do you like math, cut with glass, make a bloodbath
so on behalf of all the niggas i get drunk with
smokin' blunts with, i dispose of your punk shit
he-he, and keep it all in perspective
carbon copies gettin' caught up in the paparazzi
once again, huh, it's the likwidation crew
and we return at you like this
it’s a shame, niggas in the rap game
only for the money and the fame (extra large!)
it’s a shame, niggas in the rap game
only for the money and the fame, paparazzi!
it’s a shame, niggas in the rap game
only for the money and the fame (extra large!)
it’s a shame, niggas in the rap game
only for the money and the fame, paparazzi!

--- B-Real - Fire ---
yahhhhhhh~! junior gong and b-real
pepper, pepper, pepper!
a wot dem feel like?
come down!
straight up we set the fire we blaze 'em and do it properly
sonically all we need is the honest and the cali weed
roll up the sensei when you want to break up insanity
hit it and pass it and we blazin all of humanity
(blaze it up!) then we never care about what you say to us
(blaze it up!) everywhere we go we takin the spray with us
(blaze it up!) all the mamis in the club wanna blaze with us
(blaze it up!) all you fuckin haters remain hatin us
we grow the crystal freely, from dirt up to the ceiling
i know you want the feeling, you need some herbal healing
we flip it in the valley, out here in southern cali
i know you fuckers envy, b-real and mr. marley
(fire fire fire fire fi-yah)
(fire fire fire fire fi-yah)
analog or digital it's spiritual and physical
in literal or literally industry down here in cali
[change last line first chorus: "in literal or literally... cali da cavalry"
some likkle wannabe wanna come walkin on mi wallabee
wanna follow me, but that fruit-tooty-to he got wobbly
dashin and flashin lyrics who dat leave dat mean a tragedy
to don fox reilly 'e dance wily come to us naturally
(blaze it up!) any time, any place and no a politic
(blaze it up!) an' next soundbwoy nah near become reality
(blaze it up!) squeeze up to all da in us technology
(blaze it up!) puff puff up move de fuck up off me now casually
come de originally, mr. de reality
i'm takin trips to cali, more now that thick thick cali
just a specifically, get a good spliff of cali
i keep it, you keep it, we keep it blazin!!!
 *
te quemo con el fuego mira mami esto no es un juego
ven aca por que me gusta lo que estas haciendo
una toca y seguro que mi mota es duro
y te lo juro yo que sub cuando hueles el humo, vamos!
(blaze it up!) in the club or on the corner don't play with us
(blaze it up!) in the limo shut the window and break it up
(blaze it up!) if you try to take it from me it's dangerous
(blaze it up!) in jamaica no mistakin the ganja bus
believe the kush is sticky, and all the fiends are tricky
the pigs be comin quickly; they can come and get me
watch me smoke out the city, let's see who's comin with me
the bong'll make you dizzy, it's gong and mr. brizzy
fire fire fire fire fi-yah
* any help on the spanish appreciated

--- Redman - Time 4 Sum Aksion ---
nineteen-ninety-motherfuckin'-two
straight from jersey, the phillie blunt lives on
yo, b, tell 'em how this shit goin' down
time, time for some, time for some action, just
time, time for some, time for some action, just
time, time for some, time for some action, just (come on)
time, time for some, time for some action, just (yeah)
time, time for some, time for some action, just
time, time for some, time for some action, just
time, time for some, time for some action, just
time, time for some, time for some action, just
time, time for some, time for some action, just (lights, camera, action)
(let's get ready to rumble)
in this corner we have the funk bodysnatcher
p-funkadelic and i gat ya
hard enough that i can chew a whole bag of rocks
chew an avenue, chew an off street and off block
then turn around and do the same damn thing to a soloist
'cause reggie noble's pissed
i crush the whole brain frame
'cause you couldn't maintain the funk
that have your rap style for lunch, chump
'cause '92, i take a whole crew
give them a punch of the funk
knock all of their gold tooth loose (pow)
to show you what type of stuff i'm on, you can't puff or sniff it
because i was born with it
the funkadelic devil, hit you with the rap level of ten
then one, two, three, you're pinned
i get action, so everybody jump wit' your rump
if you like the way it sounds punk, pump it in your back trunk
and let loose with the juice when i do rock
i'm too hot, some say i got more juice than 2pac
straight outta jersey
you heard me, my brother, i'm laughin'
time for some action
time, time for some, time for some action, just
time, time for some, time for some action, just
time, time for some, time for some action, just
time, time for some, time for some action, just
time, time for some, time for some action, just
time, time for some, time for some action, just
time, time for some, time for some action, just
time, time for some, time for some
lights, camera, cock back the hammer (explosion)
straight from the land of the lost
i'ma hit you with the funk force
that make you run your rap style back to the crack aisle, brotha
then strike a pose like madonna
my mom's kicked me out because i did what i want ta
the original p-funk, chump, dump a trunk of funk
in your skull caps 'cause my jaw snaps with the raw rap
so color me bad, plus color me black
for the funk that i pack, red freak it to the funk track
(the funky fly stuff)
come on and let me kick
(the funky fly stuff)
just to show you where the hell i come from
i get dumb with the one, one, two
check my rep from my hip when i have sex (like this)
make you twist to the list
of a funky brain cell when it's puffed on a spliff
and all that, the hi hat, go buy that
listen, look, oops, brother, where your eyes at?
they on the floor, pick 'em up
while i pour lyric funk down your brain, punk
listen to my name, chump
(redman ready to rock)
i got a glock, then pow, your body is all over the block
tryin' to step to this, the exorcist, kick it
i get mad wicked when twin cock the biscuit
and blow your head off
just for asking "who's the one rapping?" (poo-pow)
time for some action
time, time for some, time for some action, just
time, time for some, time for some action, just
time, time for some, time for some action, just
time, time for some, time for some action, just (yeah)
time, time for some, time for some action, just
time, time for some, time for some action, just
time, time for some, time for some action, just
time, time for some, time for some action
yo, 1992, redman gets paid
yeah, know what i'm sayin'?
we not goin' for the okee doke, believe that
hit squad is definitely in the house (in the house)
for the brothers that don't be knowin', what's up?
word is bond, i gotta show them the flava
back to the funk track like black sheep
my man jump say, uh
"who's the redman? where's the redman?"
i kill, i smother, i get down with the (yo, yo, yo, chill)
yo, yo, red, yo, chill, g
chill, akh
it's over man
yo, you don't gotta say no more, it's over

--- Method Man - Bring the Pain ---
basically
can't fuck with me
i came to bring the pain hardcore from the brain
let's go inside my astral plane
find out my mental, based on instrumental
records, hey, so i can write monumental
methods, i'm not the king
but niggas is decaf, i stick 'em for the cream
check it, just how deep can shit get
deep as the abyss and brothers is mad, fish accept it
in your cross colour clothes, you've crossed over
then got totally krossed out and kris krossed
who the boss? niggas get tossed to the side
and i'm the dark side of the force
of course it's the method, man from the wu-tang clan
i be hectic, and comin' for the head piece, protect it
fuck it, two tears in a bucket
niggas want the ruckus
bustin' at me, bruh, now bust it
styles, i gets buckwild
method man on some shit, pullin' niggas files, i'm sick
insane, crazy, driving miss daisy
out her fucking mind, now i got mine, i'm swayze
is it real, son, is it really real, son?
let me know it's real, son, if it's really real
something i could feel, son, load it up and kill one
want it raw deal, son, if it's really real, yeah, uh
when i was a likle stereo (stereo)
i listen to some champion (champion)
i always wondered (wondered)
when i will be di number one (tical)
and now yuh listen to di gorgon (gorgon)
and a gorgon sound a rein
an' any jump and come tes' mi (test me)
mi a-go lick out dem brain (it’s like that)
brothers wanna hang with the meth, bring the rope
the only way you'll hang is by the neck
nigga, bolt off the set, comin' to your projects
take it as a threat, better yet it's a promise
comin' from a vet on some old vietnam shit
nigga, you can bet your bottom dollar, hey, i bomb shit
and it's gonna get even worse, word to god
it's the wu comin' through, stickin' niggas for they garments
movin' on your left, southpaw, mr. meth
came to represent and carve my name in your chest
you can come test, realize you're no contest
son, i'm the gun that won that old wild west
quick on the draw with my hands on the four-
nine-three-eleven with the rugged rhymes galore
check it, 'cause i think not when this hip-hops like proper
rhymes be the proof while i'm drinkin' 90 proof
huh, vodka, no oj, no straw
when you give it to me, ayy, give it to me raw
i've learned that when you drink absolut straight it burns
enough to give my chest hairs a perm
i don't need a chemical blow to pull a ho
all i need is chemical bank to pay the roll
what, basically that, meth-tical, '94 style (northern spicy brown mustard hoes, word up, we be hazardous)
we have to stick you
is it real, son, is it really real, son? (motherfucker, i'll fuckin')
let me know it's real, son, if it's really real (slide you down a rusty razor blade into a pool of alcohol)
something i could feel, son, load it up and kill one
want it raw deal, son, if it's really real
i'll fuckin', i'll fuckin' cut your kneecaps off
and make you kneel at some staircase, piss
i'll fuckin' cut your eyelids off and feed you nothin' but sleepin' pills
get yours, motherfucker
so fuck the ho, fuck the ho

--- Ghostface Killah - Cherchez LaGhost ---
tommy mottola lives on the road
he lost his lady two months ago
maybe he'll find her, maybe he won't
oh wonder that love
brothers try to pass me, but none could match me
no girl can freak me, i'm just too nasty
lost on the dance floors, i attack y'all
snuck through the back door, guess who they saw?
goldie and ghost, black african rose
star-studded low lenses, plus the mural was dope
airbrush w-b's, stop! (shake your body, body)
and cop a couple of these (she's a hottie, hottie)
schott free and sean c, very upset (for what? for what?)
they're sick and tired of living in debt
tired of roaches and tired of rats
i know they are over
one in the head, i'm fed, this is how we doin'
put a rough rider on my dick, bust right through 'em
come out your shirt, insert the party rhyme
fine dr. buzzard, bacardi lime
we passing it, takes the shake your calvin klein
before the floor gets moist, taste and follow mine
swallow nine, model dimes from bahamas
slim doo-doo makers stuffed inside pajamas
they'll take all your rhymes with a colgate smile, hey baby
they'll love you one second, then hate you the next
oh ain't it crazy baby, yeah
tony's his name, the undefeated champion, whoa, yeah (blow 'em down god)
now he's alone, he's just the king of his throne (yeah, aha)
always will be my friend, ghostface killah (truly yours, peace boo)

--- Inspectah Deck - Above the Clouds ---
"it has come to our attention
that a mysterious force is loose somewhere in outer space"
"the mysteries of creation are there"
"up in the sky?" "up in the sky"
"the moon and the planets are there
and new hopes for knowledge and peace are there
and therefore, as we set sail, we ask god's blessing on the most hazardous and dangerous and greatest adventure on which man has ever embarked"
("prepared for lift off")
i self lord and master shall bring disaster to evil factors
demonic chapters shall be captured by kings
through the storms of days after
unto the earth from the sun through triple darkness to blast ya
with a force that can't be compared
to any firepower, for it's mind power shared
the brainwave causes vessels to circulate
like constellations reflect at night off the lake
word to the father and mother earth
seekin' everlastin' life through this hell for what it's worth
look, listen and observe
and watch another c-cipher pullin' my peeps to the curb
heed the words, it's like ghetto style proverbs
the righteous pay a sacrifice to get what they deserve
cannot afford to be confined to a cell
brainwaves swell, turnin' a desert to a well
experience — the best teacher
thoughts will spray like street sweepers, little daddy street preacher
illustrious feature, narrator you select
accompanied by deck, plus the dj you respect
the seven-and-a-half combined, over the front line
the ten-percenters promotin' slander in their airtime
bear in mind, jewels be the tools of the trade
sharp blades, heavenly praise and dues are paid
above the crowds, above the clouds where the sounds are original
infinite skills create miracles
warrior spiritual
above the clouds rainin' down, holdin' it down
yeah, i leave scientists mentally scarred, triple extra large
wild like rock stars who smash guitars
poison bars from the gods bust holes in your mirage
and catch a charge, shake 'em down like the riot squad
invade your zone, ruin like ancient rome
i span the universe and return to earth to claim my throne
the maker, owner, plus soul controller
ayatollah rest in the sky, the cloud's my sofa
stand like colossus, regardless to whom or what
numerous attempts on my life, so who to trust?
who but us to supply ya with the fire?
the burnin' truth, 150 absolut proof
on the mic like moses, spoke in golden scribe
survivor of the oldest tribe whose soldiers died
i know the five families, we shed tears and mourn
but our hands are on the ammo 'cause the battle's still on
sound the horn we come rumblin' through the function
precise laser beam technique to touch somethin'
when we die hard, they'll build a monument to honor us with
humongous effect in the world, we could've conquered it
above the crowds, above the clouds where the sounds are original
infinite skills create miracles
warrior spiritual
above the clouds rainin' down, holdin' it down
above the crowds, above the clouds where the sounds are original
infinite skills create miracles
warrior spiritual
above the clouds rainin' down, holdin' it down

--- Jedi Mind Tricks - Design in Malice ---
aah
sing, bitch
yah!
if i don't have the mag, i get a bastard stabbed
with a knife big as a claw of an alaskan crab
young, i'm down with vinnie, give me six weeks
all y'all little pipsqueaks is up shit's creek
think we a joke? i'll put three in your throat
drunk off gin and c&c coke then we flee in a boat
then i come open up the spot with coconut ciroc
so the hoes'll suck some cock
huh, then i'll forget to call her
after the nut i get attention deficit disorder
1-5 catch us off x and senders
whole clique of registered sex offenders
pop shit, we'll hold your funeral xvs
niggas' money come in roman numerals
your block slow now, she fuck with them rappers
'cause y'all niggas' money took a muscle relaxer
i'm the mastermind with a faster rhyme
it's work, not how i pass the time
i'm the mastermind with a faster rhyme
it's work, not how i pass the time
i'm the mastermind with a faster rhyme
it's work, not how i pass the time
i'm the mastermind with a faster rhyme
it's work, not how i pass the time
our music's strong enough to stop a bomb
i'm putting pressure on you kids like i'm a soccer mom
who you think idea that it was to stop saddam?
who you think idea that was to drop the bomb?
you get your shit rocked ma like mustafa song
you blowing smoke you motherfucker, you should cop a bong
the nine taurus jam a little bit, the glock is strong
i move brutal and use voodoo like papa shango
over a billion muslims, you could never stop islam
over a billion bullets shooting from the chopper's arm
the backstage filled with liquor and a lot of traum'
'cause it's been hard on vinnie since my father gone
i'm about to blow the fucking horns like it was rosh hashanah
this is the calm before the storm, armageddon's on
carry a motherfucker head that i shred in nam
i speak literally, figuratively, the prophet gone
i'm the mastermind with a faster rhyme
it's work, not how i pass the time
i'm the mastermind with a faster rhyme
it's work, not how i pass the time
i'm the mastermind with a faster rhyme
it's work, not how i pass the time
i'm the mastermind with a faster rhyme
it's work, not how i pass the time
you don't have to search and question
i have the purse and the murder weapon
never get a second chance to make a first impression
i'm no virgin to murder and i'm an urban legend
rather be of real service than to serve in heaven
i don't like cops, i don't like co-operators
i don't like traitors or story corroborators
in any problem i'm the common denominator
my behaviour is the product of intoxicators
i'm just blood addicted, it's the other liquid
i'm above the limit off of the blood of the wicked
don't even ask, there's somebody in the body bags
the blood matches what's on the hatchets and hockey mask
i'm never traumatized, i don't have to compromise
i don't have to economize the homicides
you tell jesus to take the wheel, my faith is nil
i believe that even jesus has a way to kill

--- Army of the Pharaohs - Seven ---
yeah! yo, uh
a lot of rappers try approaching the omen
my poems will punish your people while i’m up at the podium
pharaohs folding 'em, like washed clothes again
i'm a vulture when the flow go choke your kin
broke, i leave most of them, slow, i keep my motionin'
eye on the prize
i silence the wise, my lyrics make a scientist cry
making a secret society expose their purpose
making 'em unleash info and explode in my surface
i'm taking my time to birth this, rap entity earthless
it's show time, there's no time, be ready when the curtain split
i'm hurtin' shit, too powerful for painkillers
on the concrete jungle we walk like trained guerillas
untamed, and my niggas is kane, kool g, rakim, combined into one frame
we like the new mecca of immaculate rappers
vinnie paz, call the goons, now we back with the clappers
yo, remain silent, kill him with what i mentally says
bloody fez, choke you like an indian rez
kamach, animal turk, sick with a cannibal smirk
welcome, this where the murderers lurk
it's my mind, that make sure that the sun can work
scorch bodies, leave all of your gunmen hurt
pharaoh sultans, create a serious cult jam
and my hand is where the tears of the pope ran
they stay watching like they keep me on a scope cam
i'm in heaven with the angels that smoke grams
you need god, that's why the earth so damned
international, trying to get my flow banned
that's cool, if i don't kick these prayers
a lot of floods and famines gonna hit these years
kamachi back on the chapel stairs
open the clouds, let the thunder clap your ears
you wanna put your money up? then muthafucker then put it
for your family's sanity man, i wish that you wouldn't
niggas got nice flows, just dont know where to put it
and i know your whole life your raps are edited footage
and y'all mixtape niggas couldn't see my plateaus
all up in my presence, while y'all actin' bashful
king syze casting an ecliptic rap flow
y'all little light niggas couldn't feed my shadows
from, city to city, intersection to section
but you reflexin', with or without a weapon
i'm always steppin', never scared
but always and forever prepared
yeah the ones who drink gas man is revvin' their gears
you now rocking' with the foulest clique in the continent
total dominance, rise to prominence
in my prime like optimus, stand in astonishment
at this conglomerate, an axis of evil
i know where osama is, he down in camp david
down and dirty like a damp basement
the champ must demand greatness
from himself, or be another contender
there's hundreds of niggas
dead left under the river
from the days of slaves
to hurricanes in orleans
see my people's graves floatin' amongst the waves
there's hell to pay, but
the devil don't take checks
i tried to send a message to god
his phone don't take texts
i need a new plan, a crook with knowledge
times is hard homie, why i took them dollars
man, my momma got a mortgage
and my little baby sister need books for college
i rob all of y'all
hey, yo, they want the hood in here so they called me first
i give 'em rappers gatorade cause they ball with thirst, uh!
this is more than music
but these niggas is mad trash
that's why the stores refuse 'em
yo, i'm out in georgia, went straight to the block
i'm seein' cats motorcyclin' dawg, i'm doin the walk
i'm an o.g., call my italian niggas a wop
though their papers ain't right, but they got weight on the block
i love 'em uh
hand to hand, see your hands ache
i drunk so much syrup dawg i stopped eatin' pancakes
ya niggas cool dawg mine's absurd hot
stop frontin' like you's a killer money, your nerves shot
yo you's a paxil nigga, dumpin' zoloft in coffee
aotp what exhaust be
can't keep it gear, cause i'm blinging with f's
but i got my mind right so swing your shit to the left
nigga if i had 24 hours to live
fuck 24 hours, gimme 24 seconds
vin i'm drivin' off a bridge
broken rib, no windshield, covered in kerosene
gasoline tank filled to the top
magazines of these phony rappers ripped in pieces
no priest is, strong enough to take me out of my zone
i broke jesus, choke niggas who squeal
rob niggas who steal, kill niggas who kill
i'm too sick for a pill
man these niggas ain't real, they real fake
they say they a man but they fuckin' reveal snakes
that's when you put 'em in the trunk with their grill taped
rip in reverse then run into a steel gate
i'm a suicide driver, never been a liar
if i don't kill you later, i'mma kill you mañana
you don't want no problems
you don't want no drama
nigga i'mma take a trip with your baby momma, suicide driver
ya better cross your t's
cause we'll dot your eyes
you can say that you specialize but pharaohs will optimize
backstage will get a bitch back smacked there
the mac glare like dirty south pimp slap clap snares, yeah!
holy paragraphs, what kind of shit is that?
i'm jesus in the flesh so this is motherfuckin' christian rap
y'all just christmas wrap, must be the secret santa
my reindeer aim near, pierce you with the antlers
i made 'em go easy, and called off the wolves on my aotp radio cb
cause y'all ain't worthy of grenades and rpgs
slit throat, hope you float with sardines and seaweed
cause this is c-e-l-p-h demonic symphony
listen to the hell we make
and a year before your kids tenth birthday came
you didn't have to wait for candles on the cake to see the nine flame
respect a g, my clique clap at you incessantly
i lay back and drink alcohol excessively
it ain't a rapper that's alive today that's testing me
i got degrees in being ignorant and weaponry
a 40 oz and dutch master is the recipe
that's my shit there, that'll be the death of me
give me a death mask, better yet an effigy
i understand the math of death and it's complexity
i understand how you was violently murked
i understand how you was raised under the lies of the church
but understand and recognize that i'm cursed
with the ability to end your fucking lives with a verse

--- Vinnie Paz - End of Days ---
“the greatest form of control is where you think you're free when you're being fundamentally manipulated and dictated to. one form of dictatorship is being in a prison cell and you can see the bars and touch 'em. the other one is sittin' in a prison cell but you can't see the bar—you think you're free.”
“what the human race is suffering from is mass hypnosis. we are being hypnotized by people like this: newsreaders, politicians, teachers, lecturers.”
“we are in a country and in a world that is being run by unbelievably sick people. the chasm between what we're told is going on, and what is really going on, is absolutely enormous.”
it's like we all know what's goin' down
but no one's sayin' shit, what happened to the home of the brave?
these motherfuckers, they controllin' us now
when no one's talkin' about how they made us modern-day slaves
and everybody's just walkin' around
head in the clouds, we won't awake until we're dead in the grave
by then it's too late, we need to be ready to raise up
welcome to the end of days
everybody a slave, only some are aware
that the government releasin' poison in the air
that's the reason i collect so many guns in my lair
i ain't never caught slippin', never underprepared, yeah
they shaitan army, they display it proudly
george bush the grandson of aleister crowley
they want you to believe the lie that the enemy saudi
the enemy ain't saudi, the enemy around me
there's fluoride in the water, but nobody know that
it's also a prominent ingredient in prozac (for real?)
how could any government bestow that
upon people who believe in political throwback?
that's not all that i'm here to present you
i know about the black pope in solomon's temple (yeah)
about the vatican assassins and how they will get you
and how they cloned barack hussein obama in a test tube
it's like we all know what's goin' down
but no one's sayin' shit, what happened to the home of the brave?
these motherfuckers, they controllin' us now
when no one's talkin' about how they made us modern-day slaves
and everybody's just walkin' around
head in the clouds, we won't awake until we're dead in the grave
by then it's too late, we need to be ready to raise up
welcome to the end of days
whoever built the pyramids had knowledge of electrical power
and you know that that's the information that they suppress and devour
who you think the motherfuckers that crashed in the tower?
who you think that made it turn into ash in an hour?
the same ones that invaded jerome
the ones that never told you about the skeletons on the moon, yeah
the ones that poison all the food you consume
the ones that never told you 'bout the mount vesuvius tombs (brrat)
the bird flu is a lie, the swine flu is a lie
why would that even come as a surprise?
yeah, the polio vaccine made you die
it caused cancer and it cost a lot of people they lives
do y'all know about bohemian grove?
how the world leaders sacrificin' children in robes?
lucifer is god in the public school system
i suggest you open up your ears and you listen
it's like we all know what's goin' down
but no one's sayin' shit, what happened to the home of the brave?
these motherfuckers, they controllin' us now
when no one's talkin' about how they made us modern-day slaves
and everybody's just walkin' around
head in the clouds, we won't awake until we're dead in the grave
by then it's too late, we need to be ready to raise up
welcome to the end of days
“the greatest hypnotist on the planet earth is a oblong box in the corner of the room. it is constantly telling us what to believe is real.”
“if you can persuade people that what they see with their eyes is what there is to see, you've got them. because they'll laugh in the face of an explanation that portrays the bigger picture of what's happening…and they have.”

--- R.A. The Rugged Man - Uncommon Valor (R.A. the Rugged Man’s Verse Only) ---
call me thorburn, john a., staff sergeant
marksman, skilled in killin', illin', i'm able and willin'
kill a village elephant, rapin' and pillage a village
illegitimate killers, u.s. military guerrillas
this ain't no real war, vietnam shit
world war ii, that's a war, this is just a military conflict
soothin' drug abusin', vietnamese women screwin'
sex, gamblin' and boozin' — all this shit is amusin'
bitches and guns, this is every man's dream
i don't wanna go home where i'm just an ordinary human being
special op, huey chopper gun ship, run shit
gook run when the minigun spit, won't miss
kill shit, spit four-thousand bullets a minute
victor charlie, hair-trigger, hit it, i'm in it to win it
get it, the lieutenant hinted, the villain, i been it
the killin', i did it, cripple, did it
pictures i painted is vivid, live it
a wizard with weapons: the secret mission, we 'bout to begin it
government funded, behind enemy lines
bullets is sprayin', it's heatin' up a hundred degrees
the enemy's the north vietnamese, bitch please!
ain't no sweat, i'm totally at ease
until i see the pilot got hit, and we 'bout to hit some trees
tail rotor broke, crash land
american man in cambodia, right in the enemy hand
take a swig of the whiskey to calm us
them yellow men wearin' black pajamas
they wanna harm us, they all up on us
bang bang, bullet hit my chest, feel no pain
to my left, the captain caught a bullet right in his brain
body parts flyin', loss of limbs, explosions
bad intentions, i see my best friend's intestines
pray to the one above, it's rainin', i'm covered in mud
i think i'm dyin', i feel dizzy, i'm losin' blood
i see my childhood, i'm back in the arms of my mother
i see my whole life, i see christ, i see bright lights
i see israelites, muslims and christians at peace, no fights
black, whites, asians, people of all types
i must've died, then i woke up, surprised i'm alive
i'm in a hospital bed, they rescued me, i survived
i escaped the war, came back
but ain't escape agent orange: two of my kids born handicapped
spastic, quadriplegia, micro cephalic
cerebral palsy, cortical blindness — name it, they had it
my son died, he ain't live
but i still try to think positive, ‘cause in life, god take, god give

--- MF DOOM - Money Folder ---
the villain took on many forms...
let he who is without sin cast the first stone
after you, who's last? it's doom, he's the worst known
that'll have your boom blown or either thirst bone
rock it to a worse clone, just don't curse the throne
own his own microphone, bring it everywhere he go
so he can bring it to you live in stere-ere-o
pan it, can't understand it, ban it
the underhanded ranted, planned it and left 'em stranded
the best, any who profess will be remanded
yes sir, request permission to be candid? granted
i don't think we can handle a style so rancid
he flipped it like madlib, did a old jazz standard
don't mind me, i wrote this rhyme lightly
off of two or three heines, and boy was they fine, g
one black, one spanish, one chinee'
it keeps the woody shiny year-round like a pine tree
don't sign me, i'm about to get a mil' without 'em
crowd him off the shelf, he's the villain, and what about him?
so, and he's a jerk and you don't know him
mad how he expand work but won't show 'em
poor guys, what a sight for old, sore four-eyes
now hook me with two apple pies and a small fries
all rise, so far odd as a ruple
so raw, break it down and make quadruple
it's crucial, you could see it in his pupil
and this time when he get it he'll waste it on somethin' useful
like getting juiced off a deuce-deuce of coqui
keep it low key, known to pull a okey-dokey
silly goose, doom is too jokey
damn he could really use a room or a ho key
egads, he got enough styles to start three fads
true dat, she bad, i wonder do she come with kneepads
what a call, what a real butterball
either i get a strike or strike out, gutterball
rock it like gear for the fall
with nice inside pockets, prepare for the brawl
yeah y'all you could say its an earful
beware, do not touch mic, be careful
and just like he said, i could'a told ya
mf, the holder of a boulder; money folder
it ain't funny, nigga
money folder
the muscle-bound karate expert concealed a razor edge
which could lop the head off of a marble statue once propelled
with notorious world takeover schemes and the most magnificent gadgets imaginable
villains rapidly grew healthy cash flow
it is explained by a more comedic villain, the bald headed doom
this villain rose to incredible new heights of money-making, revenge and extortion
such was the magnitude of the typical villain
this is no answer!
very well then...
a duel to the death

--- Madlib - Slim’s Return ---
"one! two! one, two!"
"claim— claim— claim— claim—"
"claim— claim— claim— claim—"
"claiming respect"
"do you understand?"
("what, what, what, what")
"calm down my selecta"
("what, what, what, what")
"calm down—"
"struggling—"
"brand new—"
"bust— bust— bust— bust—"
"bust you for self or with a crew"
"woop-woop, woop-woop"
"woop-woop, woop-woop"
"that's the sound—"
"that's the sound—"
"doo-doo, doo-doo"
hi, this is lou donaldson
checking out madlib with he
represents the some old "blue note" recordings
checking out my fellow scorpion madlib

--- Quasimoto - Low Class Conspiracy ---
ayo we headed to a party to go see what's happenin'
smoking the lah, in the car turn on some rappin'
start to freestyle, we be up on our way
finish up the blunt (ayy, somebody pass me that spray)
get on the freeway, yo its after dark
and guess who always pulls up right behind us
(not again, some narcs…)
letting all kinds of speeding cars pass
just so he could harass our black ass
(nah, not again, what an ass)
the police pulling us over for no reason
(get out the car)
searching the car, like it's nigga hunting season
year round, asking about where's the pound
(you got any weed? we know you got weapons…)
where's the guns, are y'all niggas on the run?
you got warrants?
y'all niggas ready for some torment?
that's how they be cracking, it seems like they be actin'
(this ain't mine, sir)
except it's real life, like they rushing up your residence
searching your crib, they can't find no evidence
man, this stuff just makes me mad, man
that's what i'm sayin', i ain't trippin' no more
we 'bout to do somethin'
i'm tired of these pigs harassing us every day, man
the other day mr. buddha had this plan
to get grands off the man so our whole crew could expand
they all wanted me to drive the getaway (car)
i was like fuck it, cause i ain't got no dough anyway
they straight planned it right in my garage
thinkin' large, then they gathered the entourage
my niggas straight hit the bank then broke the hell out
so much money you couldn't even get that smell out
i got laced with thirty g's to keep it freeze
plus a nigga ratted so 5-0's on the breeze
police talking about where's the dead presidents
i said fuck y'all, niggas ain't got no evidence

--- Freddie Gibbs - Shitsville ---
niggas ain't gon' shit then get the fuck up off the toilet stool
bent behind my tinteds, i commence to take these boys to school
don't drive no yellow bus but i got mayonnaise and mustard
both tires gold-wired on my chevrolet bucket
and now my transmission leaking and my rear suspension squeaking
drop a rock off to my geeker, fix my shit man, i'm out here creeping
twist that shit but i'm out here tweaking for that 20 twin twin
kick that shit in '95 while watching "friday" with my friends
fucked your bitch in '96, hit the pussy for 6 minutes
said the dick was everything she envisioned on each visit
papa kept his condoms in his bottom drawer, they for his bottom ho
i stole that shit when i was out, i wonder if my mama know
i wonder if she found the dimes and nickels in my nike box
i wonder if she know her older brother like to light them rocks
i wonder if she able to get by if i get killed
told her i was just knee-deep in the shit
welcome to shitsville, nigga
you wake up everyday and pray before you sleep, right?
you motherfuckers just like me
you shed tears when you hurting; if i cut you then you bleed, right?
you motherfuckers just like me
but bitch you acting like your shit don't stink (shit's real)
bitch you acting like your shit don't stink (shitsville)
i said you acting like your shit don't stink (shit's real)
bitch you acting like your shit don't stink (welcome to shitsville, nigga)
niggas ain't gon' shit, then get the fuck up off the pizz-ot
got os of loud in my living room like i was lennox
trapped a nigga and his wife for his wallet and his wristwatch
and they say i might do life in jail for kidnap, bitch
i did not give a single solitary fuck
i stand on all ten toes, one dick and two nuts, don't do yayo or shoot up
but i went back and forth with some work and went through a few plugs
this white devil society dare a nigga to do drugs
and dare yo ass to deal 'em, distribute and conceal 'em
my niggas don't got no boats or no ports, how you think we get 'em?
crack was black america's cup of coffee in the beginnin'
when they crept up when you waking, you crackers can fight the feelin'
motherfuck euthanasia, i'll lace your food up with razors
make you gargle with saltwater, excuse yourself from my table
i fathered these fuck niggas with fables, pussy, i been real
good on any street up shit's creek in shitsville, nigga
you wake up everyday and pray before you sleep, right?
you motherfuckers just like me
you shed tears when you hurting; if i cut you then you bleed, right?
you motherfuckers just like me
but bitch you're acting like your shit don't stink (shit's real)
bitch you acting like your shit don't stink (shitsville)
i said you acting like your shit don't stink (shit's real)
bitch you acting like your shit don't stink (welcome to shitsville, nigga)
cheat on your girl, your wife, sneak out and fuck hoes
you motherfuckers just like me
drink all the liquor, blow weed, probably play with your nose
you motherfuckers just like me
i said you motherfuckers just like me
i said you motherfuckers just like me
i know you motherfuckers just like me
you ain't no better, hell, you're just like me
i said hold on bitch, you travelling too fast
i'm supposed to be dragging my foot out your motherfucking ass
said bitch i'm known from the golden gates of frisco to the eagle pass
i'm known to play big time landlords
kick chicken-shit hoes right in their motherfucking ass
and if my luck continues to hold out in the future like it has in the past
imma continue to kick you chicken-shit hoes right in your motherfucking ass
said bitch this is the worlds of wonder
long dick book-bender, all-night-grinder
wound-finder, sheet-shaker
babymaker and money-taker, bitch

--- Danny Brown - 25 Bucks ---
twenty-five bucks, momma braid your hair
sit on the porch, she'll do it on the stairs
grew your hair out and you wanna get it twisted
fed us many nights, nigga, that's how we was livin'
twenty-five bucks, momma braid your hair
sit on the porch, she'll do it on the stairs
grew your hair out and you wanna get it twisted
fed us many nights, nigga, that's how we was livin'
i'll not get old
if i dig with my knees, if i grind down my teeth
i know from the attic of me
from the bottoms of pleas, from the waywarded seas
arthritis in her fingers, carpal tunnel in her wrists
'bout to feed her kids at night, sit between her legs and twist
while she listen to the oldies, soap operas, smokin' bogies
on the phone, gossipin', tellin' homegirls stories
girlfriend worried 'cause her son's in a hurry
to see the state pen' or a cemetery buried
ma replied, do her best, but it's still rough
keep your kids off the street and away from drugs
doin' hair in the house, ain't puttin' on daniel
daddy in and out, "ayy, who turned that channel?"
sneakers turn to house shoes, steppin' on the back
ashin' her cigarette in a brown paper bag
smokin' joints, laughin', tryna get the part straight
for ten, put your perm in, don't scratch all day
hot cocoa stove, put the food in the bowl
say that's how many nights it was hard to keep goin'
now i'm trapped in the trap and the devil ain't forgettin'
wanna see me dead or locked in a prison
in the system with division, only thing that add up
fucked up 'cause a nigga tryna get a couple bucks
now i'm trapped in the trap and the devil ain't forgettin'
wanna see me dead or locked in a prison
in the system with division, only thing add up
fucked-up nigga tryna get a couple bucks
twenty-five bucks, momma braid your hair
sit on the porch, she'll do it on the stairs
grew your hair out and you wanna get it twisted
fed us many nights, nigga, that's how we was livin'
twenty-five bucks, momma braid your hair
sit on the porch, she'll do it on the stairs
grew your hair out and you wanna get it twisted
fed us many nights, nigga, that's how we was livin'
i'll not get old
if i dig with my knees, if i grind down my teeth
i know from the attic of me
from the bottoms of pleas, from the waywarded seas
iverson zig zags, good night: fast food
if you really ballin', mommy cop chinese food
if you really wonder why these people got issues
'cause the rent owed and the fuckin' lights due
on her knees at night, pray a miracle come through
daddy shootin' craps, tryna win a pair of shoes
i been growin' my hair, 'bout to let mommy twist it
out wildin' with my friends, even got myself a biscuit
homie mommy smokin' with nothin' to lose
now he stashin' cracks in some hundred-dollar shoes
sittin' at his crib, smokin' swishers, gettin' faded
told me hit my mommy up 'cause he tryna get braided
what we gon' do? see the local dope man
see if he can put some money in our hand
same one jump me, the same one front me
'cause i'm tired of seein' my family fucked up and hungry
now i'm in the trap and the devil ain't forgettin'
wanna see a nigga dead or locked in a prison
in the system with division, only thing add up
fucked-up nigga tryna get a couple bucks
now i'm trapped in the trap and the devil ain't forgettin'
wanna see a nigga dead or locked in a prison
system with division, only thing that add up
fucked up 'cause a nigga tryna get a couple bucks
twenty-five bucks, momma braid your hair
sit on the porch, she'll do it on the stairs
grew your hair out and you wanna get it twisted
fed us many nights, nigga, that's how we was livin'
twenty-five bucks, momma braid your hair
sit on the porch, she'll do it on the stairs
grew your hair out and you wanna get it twisted
fed us many nights, nigga, that's how we was livin'

--- Earl Sweatshirt - Chum ---
something sinister to it, pendulum swinging slow
a degenerate moving through the city with criminals, stealth
welcome to enemy turf, harder than immigrants work
"golf" is stitched into my shirt
get up off the pavement, brush the dirt up off my psyche
psyche, psyche
can i get that, oh… let me get that beat in my headphones, louder
it's probably been 12 years since my father left
left me fatherless
and i just used to say i hate him in dishonest jest
when honestly, i miss this nigga, like, when i was six
and every time i got the chance to say it, i would swallow it
sixteen, i'm hollow, intolerant, skip shots
i storm that whole bottle, i'll show you a role model
i'm drunk, pissy, pissing on somebody front lawn
trying to figure out how and when the fuck i missed moderate
momma often was offering peace offerings
think, wheeze, cough, scoffing and he's off again
searching for a big brother, tyler was that
and plus he liked how i rap, the blunted mice in the trap
too black for the white kids, and too white for the blacks
from honor roll to cracking locks up off them bicycle racks
i'm indecisive, i'm scatterbrained, and i'm frightened
it's evident in them eyes, where he hiding all them icicles at
something sinister to it, pendulum swinging slow
a degenerate moving through the city with criminals, stealth
welcome to enemy turf, harder than immigrants work
"golf" is stitched into my shirt
get up off the pavement, brush the dirt up off my psyche
psyche, psyche
can i get that, oh… let me get that beat in my headphones, louder
uh… time lapse, bars rotten, heart's bottomless pit
was mobbin' deep as '96 havoc and prodigy did
we were the pottymouth posse, crash the party and dip
with all belongings then toss em out to the audience
nothing was fucking awesome
trying to make it from the bottom
his sins feeling as hard as vince carter's knee cartilage is
supreme garment and weed gardeners garnishing spliffs
with keef particles and entering apartments with 'zine article
tolerance for boundaries, i know you happy now
craven and these 
complex
 fuck niggas done track me down
just to be the guys that did it, like, "i like attention"
not the type where niggas trying to get a raise at my expense
supposed to be grateful, right?
like, "thanks so much," you made my life harder
and the ties between my mom and i are strained and tightened
even more than they were before all of this shit
been back a week and i already feel like calling it quits
something sinister to it, pendulum swinging slow
a degenerate moving through the city with criminals, stealth
welcome to enemy turf, harder than immigrants work
"golf" is stitched into my shirt
get up off the pavement, brush the dirt up off my psyche
psyche, psyche
can i get that, oh… let me get that beat in my headphones, louder

--- Tyler, The Creator - Yonkers ---
uh, wolf haley, golf wang, go
i'm a fuckin' walkin' paradox, no, i'm not
threesomes with a fuckin' triceratops, reptar
rappin' as i'm mockin' deaf rock stars
wearin' synthetic wigs made of anwar's dreadlocks
bedrock, harder than a motherfuckin' flintstone
making crack rocks outta pussy nigga fishbones (haha)
this nigga jasper tryin' to get grown
about five, seven of his bitches in my bedroom (hey)
swallow the cinnamon, i'ma scribble this sin and shit
while syd is tellin' me that she's been getting intimate with men
(syd, shut the fuck up)
here's the number to my therapist (shit)
you tell him all your problems, he's fuckin' awesome with listenin' (haha)
uh, wolf haley, uh, golf wang
uh, wolf haley, golf fuckin' wang
jesus called, he said he's sick of the disses
i told him to quit bitchin', this isn't a fuckin' hotline
for a fuckin' shrink, sheesh, i already got mine
and he's not fuckin' workin', i think i'm wastin' my damn time
i'm clockin' three past six and goin' postal
this the revenge of the dicks, that's nine cocks that cock 9's
this ain't no v. tech shit, or columbine
but after bowling, i went home for some damn 
adventure time
(what'd you do?) i slipped myself some pink xannies (yeah)
and danced around the house in all-over print panties
my mom's gone, that fuckin' broad will never understand me
i'm not gay, i just wanna boogie to some marvin
(what you think of hayley williams?)
fuck her, wolf haley robbin' them
i'll crash that fuckin' airplane that that faggot nigga b.o.b is in
and stab bruno mars in his goddamn esophagus
and won't stop until the cops come in
i'm an overachiever, so how about i start a team of leaders
and pick up stevie wonder to be the wide receiver? (cool)
green paper, gold teeth, and pregnant golden retrievers
all i want, fuck money, diamonds, and bitches, don't need 'em
but where the fat ones at? i got somethin' to feed 'em
it's some cooking books, the black kids never wanted to read 'em
snap back, green ch-ch-chia fuckin' leaves
it's been a couple months
and tina still ain't perm her fuckin' weave
damn
uh, wolf haley, uh, golf wang
uh, wolf haley, golf wang, yeah
goddamn goblin
wolf haley, uh, golf wang
uh, wolf haley, golf wang, yeah
they say success is the best revenge
so i beat deshay up with the stack of magazines i'm in
oh, not again, another critic writing report
i'm stabbin' any bloggin' faggot hipster with a pitchfork
still suicidal, i am
i'm wolf, tyler put this fuckin' knife in my hand
i'm wolf, ace gon' put that fuckin' hole in my head
and i'm wolf, that was me who shoved a cock in your bitch
(what the fuck, man?) fuck the fame and all the hype, g
i just wanna know if my father would ever like me
but i don't give a fuck, so he's probably just like me
a motherfuckin' goblin
(fuck everything, man) that's what my conscience said
then it bunny-hopped off my shoulder, now my conscience dead
now the only guidance that i had is splattered on cement
actions speak louder than words, let me try this shit
dead

--- Hopsin - Ill Mind of Hopsin 5 ---
man, i hate rap, but if the shoe fits, wear it
i've become a freak of nature all the kids stare at
who walk around bumpin' raw with the shit blarin'
saying "fuck school!" and droppin' out like a miscarriage
i'm embarrassed and i'm ashamed
i played a part in this devilish game
makin' your common sense perish
but i ain't takin' the full blame
'cause most of you chumps runnin' around here ain't never had strict parents
all of your brain cells rottin' from weed
you feelin' like if you ain't got it, life's not as complete
you havin' sex with every-motherfuckin'-body you see
with a past so dark that satan'd jump out of his seat
but still you out in these streets, thinkin' you hot as can be
without the knowledge to lead, so you just follow the sheep
makin' sure your lame swag is all polished and clean
while your favorite rapper's like, "yeah, he got it from me"
you been brainwashed by a fake life that you're used to livin'
when i say the word "fun," what do you envision?
prolly drinkin' and smokin' out with your crew and chillin'
with clueless women you tryin' to bang, bumpin' new edition
is that all you think life really is?
well, if so, then you're a fuckin' idiot
i honestly feel like grabbing your head and hitting it
matter of fact, you don't even deserve a brain — give me it!
do you even have any goals
aside from baggin' these hoes and packin' a bowl?
well, let me guess — no
you're only in school because your parents make you go
when all you do is play beer pong and hang out with the bros
yo, society's got you livin' for a wack cause
you're a fuckin' adult with no skills at all
you don't read any books or play ball
you don't draw — you literally do nothing at all!
still you fiend for the glamorous fruits
you don't have, 'cause you idolize rappers that do
and all they say is, "i got money and it's stacked to the roof"
and now you think that it's gon' magically just happen to you?
how? your lazy ass don't commit to labor
you pick somethin' up, try it out, and put it down two minutes later
then you complain about your life 'cause it ain't gettin' catered
now whoever tries to call you on your bullshit's a hater?
you wanna succeed, you have to try; or one day you'll get older
and regret it all 'cause you can't provide
your friends are lowlives, don't act surprised
look, just cut the bad fruit off of the tree, make the sacrifice
girls, stop actin' like you want a guy
with traits like romeo — bitch, that's a fuckin' lie!
you always talk about how every man's fake and you can't take it
and you want somethin' real — shut up, tramp, save it!
twice a week you put on your makeup and damn bracelets
and head to the club half-naked with your ass shakin'
pullin' a lowlife nigga who claim he cash-makin'
'til you let him hit and find out he work at the gas station
one of them niggas got you pregnant and you can't raise it
but you caused it, your actions made a fat statement
you want romeo, then act patient
and stop frontin' like he in the club posted in the back waitin'
it's the club, where guys put on a new persona
after they get loaded with a few corona's
they always shoutin' and wild out
with habits that very few condone of
then they look for beautiful brainless bitches like you to bone 'em
then when they leave you, you cry and cry
talkin' about, "oh my god, i can't find a guy!
i've spent so many years and i've tried and tried!
why am i even on earth? i should die!"
you want romeo, you're not worthy
you're cock-thirsty, you're nasty and probably got herpes
sometimes the secret to findin' is to stop searchin'
try a new formula, 'cause your last one's not workin'
the term "real nigga" is publicly used
and i need to know what it means, 'cause i'm fuckin' confused
are you one for always bustin' your tool
with nothin' to lose and somethin' to prove
to homies up in your crew?
is it because you're sellin' drugs to get loot
and brag about how you done been shot and stabbed
like it's fun to be you?
but your life's a struggle, right, and you just hustlin' through?
nah, you hamster-ass nigga, you just stuck in a loop
man, why do black people gotta be the only ones who can't evolve?
'cause you in the streets actin' like a neanderthal
it's clear you can't stand the law
you're lost as an abandoned dog
and all you're interested in is fightin', rappin' and basketball
i can't even fuck with you
'cause if we out in public, you gon' get caught stealin' some shit, and get my ass in trouble, too
you'll get old and be nothin'
livin' life in these streets, thuggin'
and starting shit with anybody mean-muggin'
look at you, a real nigga, thinkin' your life's cool
girls used to turn me down for guys who were like you
'til you grab their heart and shove a spearhead right through
then they regret it because it wasn't the right move
your "real nigga" talk seems bogus
a real nigga don't brag about being real as long as he knows it
and his future doesn't seem hopeless
a real nigga stays out of jail, handles shit and he keeps focused
to all you rappers whose soul is out in the wrong
you inspired the issue i wrote about in this song
you go to prowl on the young who roam around in the slums
see, this is what happens when rap's overcrowded with bums
hope the hour is long when i'm rollin' out with your tongue
the man above is my guide, you know the power is strong
all you menacin' freaks are only in it for cheese
and the mass-control limit was breached — fuck hip-hop!
they only in it for cheese, and any eyewitness can see
they purposely makin' the innocent weak
my existence on this planet's for you, i ain't only here to benefit me
yo, we need to make a change while there's still time
it is hard, and sometimes i struggle tryin' to reveal mine
i can guide you if you feel blind
i just need you to be willin' to journey into my ill mind

--- Joyner Lucas - I’m Not Racist ---
with all due respect
i don't have pity for you black niggas, that's the way i feel
screamin', "black lives matter"
all the black guys'd rather be deadbeats than pay your bills
yellin', "nigga," this, and, "nigga," that
call everybody, "nigga," and get a nigga mad
as soon as i say, "nigga," then everyone react
and wanna swing at me and call me racist 'cause i ain't black
well, pound that, then
talkin' 'bout slavery like you was around back then
like you was pickin' cotton off the fuckin' ground back then
like you was on the plantation gettin' down back then
a'ight, look
i see a black man aimin' his gun
but i'd rather see a black man claimin' his son
and i don't mean just for one day and you done, i mean
you still trapped in a rut
and i work my ass off and pay my taxes for what?
so you can keep livin' on free government assistance?
food stamps for your children, but you still tryna sell 'em
for some weed and some liquor or a fuckin' babysitter?
while you party on the road 'cause you ain't got no fuckin' goals?
you already late
you motherfuckers need to get your damn priorities straight, wait
it's like you're proud to be fake
but you lazy as fuck
and you'd rather sell drugs than get a job and be straight
and then you turn around and complain about the poverty rate? fuck outta my face
you can't escape problems
you can pray for some change, but can't break a dollar
got nobody else to blame, so you blame donald
"they fuck the world with a make america great condom"
my voice been back
i'm not racist, my sister's boyfriend's black
i'm not racist, my sister-in-law's baby cousin tracy got a brother and his girlfriend's black
my head's in the cloud
heard there's not enough jobs for all the men in your house
maybe we should build a wall to keep the mexicans out
or maybe we should send 'em all to the ghetto for now
i'm not racist, and i never lie
but i think there's a disconnect between your culture and mine
i worship the einsteins, study the steve jobs
but you ride 2pac's dick like he was a fuckin' god, oh, my god
and all you care about is rappin' and stuntin' and bein ratchet, and that's the nigga within you
music rottin' your brain and slowly start to convince you
then you let your kids listen and then the cycle continues
blame it all on the menu, blame it on those drinks
blame it on everybody except for your own race
blame it on white privileges, blame it on white kids
and just blame it on white citizens, aim at the vice president
bunch of class clowns
niggas kneelin' on the field, that's a flag down
how dare you try to make demands for this money?
you gon' show us some respect, you gon' stand for this country, nigga
i'm not racist, i'm just prepared for this type of war
i heard eminem's rap at the awards, who's he fightin' for?
y'all can take that motherfucker too, he ain't white no more
it's like you wanna be so famous
you'll do anything for attention and a little payment
i can't take you nowhere without people pointin' fingers
pants hangin' off your ass, you ain't got no home trainin'?
pull your fuckin' pants up, nigga
put that suit back on, take that durag off
take that gold out your mouth, quit the pitiful stuff
and then maybe police'd stop killin' you fucks, yo, what the fuck?
i'm not racist
it's like we're livin' in the same building, but split into two floors
i'm not racist
but there's two sides to every story, i wish that i knew yours
i wish that i knew yours
i'm not racist, i swear
with all disrespect
i don't really like you white motherfuckers, that's just where i'm at
screaming, "all lives matter," is a protest to my protest, what kind of shit is that?
and that's one war you'll never win
the power in the word, "nigga," is a different sin
we shouldn't say it, but we do, and that's just what it is
but that don't mean that you can say it just 'cause you got nigga friends
nigga
that word was originated for you to keep us under
and when we use it, we know that's just how we greet each other
and when you use it, we know there's a double meaning under
and even if i wasn't picking cotton physically
that don't mean i'm not affected by the history
my grandmama was a slave, that shit gets to me
and you ain't got no motherfuckin' sympathy, you pussy nigga
i'm sorry, you can never feel my life
tryna have faith, but i never felt alright
it's hard to elevate when this country's ran by whites
judging me by my skin color and my blackness
tryna find a job but ain't nobody call me back yet
now i gotta sell drugs to put food in my cabinet
you crackers ain't slick, this is all a part of your tactics
don't talk about no motherfuckin' taxes
when i ain't making no dough
you think you know everything, but you don't
you wanna copy our slang and everything that we know
try to steal black culture and then make it your own, woah
fuck, i'm exhausted
i can't even drive without the cops tryna start shit
i'm tired of the systematic racism bullshit
all you do is false shit, this the shit that i'm forced with
and you don't know shit about my people, that's what bothers you
you don't know about no fried chicken or no barbecue
you don't know about the two-step or no loose change
you don't know about no 2 chainz or no kool-aid, you don't know
and even though barack was half as black
you hated president obama, i know that's a fact
you couldn't wait to get him out and put a cracker back
and then you gave us donald trump and now it's payback for that
i'm not racist, i never lied
but i know there's a disconnect between your culture and mines
yeah, i praise 2pac like he was a fuckin' god
he was fighting for his life way before he fuckin' died, nigga, die, nigga
and all you care about is money and power and being ugly and that's the cracker within you
hatred all in your brain, it slowly start to convince you
and then you teach it to your children until the cycle continue
blame it on puerto rico, blame it on oj
blame it on everybody except for your own race
blame it on black niggas and blame it on black citizens
aim at the black businesses, i ain't saying i'm innocent, but
i might be any day now
treatin' everybody how you want and any way how
i swear north korea 'bout to bomb us any day now
and now i'm duckin' every time i hear a fuckin' plane now, shit
you know i make a lot of sense, but you just can't admit it
when eminem went against trump, that was the illest
'cause even though he's white, he let us know he standin' with us
i'm not racist, but i cry a lot
you don't know what it's like to be in a frying pot
you don't know what it's like to mind your business
and get stopped by the cops and not know if you 'bout to die or not
you worry 'bout your life, so you take mine
i love you, but i fuckin' hate you at the same time
i wish we could trade shoes or we could change lives
so we could understand each other more, but that'd take time
i'm not racist
it's like we livin' in the same building, but split into both sides
i'm not racist
but there's two sides to every story and now you know mine
can't erase the scars with a bandage
i'm hopin' maybe we can come to an understandin'
agree to disagree, we could have an understandin'
i'm not racist

--- Russ - What They Want ---
yeah (ooh)
yeah (oh)
they let us in the rap game (yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah)
i swear they let me in this motherfucking rap game (mmm, yeah, yeah)
got a chick, i call her lola, she feel like the ocean
like to drink and smoke some doja and i feel like smoking
plus she good at charming cobras, i feel like i'm chosen
but she ain't the only one, no
got a chick, i call her katia, she be acting bougie
then she came through and topped me off, now she just a groupie
got the aura of the mafia, her friends wish they knew me
but they ain't the only ones, no, no
what they want, what they want, what they want
dollar signs, yeah, i know it's what they want
what they want, what they want, what they want
y'all ain't fooling me at all, ooh, ooh, ooh, ooh
i been at this shit for nine years, now they start to call
i'm a diy pioneer, they trying to get involved
yippee ki-yay, ah yeah, 'bout to set it off
i'm probably the only one, yeah
come correct when you approach me, i can size you up
taking all the shots like kobe, almost 81
guess i got to play the goalie and go and save me some
i'm probably the only one, yeah
what they want, what they want, what they want
dollar signs, yeah, i know it's what they want
what they want, what they want, what they want
y'all ain't fooling me at all, ooh, ooh, ooh, ooh
who wants my money? i'll tell you who i don't fuck with
who's pulling strings? i'm just pointing out all the puppets
what i'm demanding is fucking up all the budgets
i'm smart as fuck, they be talking like i'm the dumbest
but i know what they want from me, dollars, lot of stock in me
it ain't nothing personal, it's business and i'm a commodity
but honestly, pop pop would be turning in his grave
the day i let someone else become the boss of me
when there's a boss in me, i'll be damned
what they want, what they want, what they want
dollar signs, yeah, i know it's what they want
what they want, what they want, what they want
y'all ain't fooling me at all
ooh, ooh, ooh, ooh

--- NF - Let You Down ---
feels like we're on the edge right now
i wish that i could say i'm proud
i'm sorry that i let you down
let you down
all these voices in my head get loud
i wish that i could shut them out
i'm sorry that i let you down
le-le-let you down
yeah, i guess i'm a disappointment, doin' everythin' i can
i don't wanna make you disappointed, it's annoyin'
i just wanna make you feel like everythin' i ever do
was never tryna make an issue for you, but i guess the more you
thought about everything, you were never even wrong
in the first place, right? yeah, i'ma just ignore you
walkin' towards you with my head down
lookin' at the ground, i'm embarrassed for you
paranoia, what did i do wrong this time?
that's parents for you
very loyal? shoulda had my back
but you put a knife in it, my hands are full
what else should i carry for you?
i cared for you, but
feels like we're on the edge right now
i wish that i could say i'm proud
i'm sorry that i let you down
le-le-let you down
all these voices in my head get loud
i wish that i could shut them out
i'm sorry that i let you down
le-le-let you down
yeah, you don't wanna make this work
you just wanna make this worse
want me to listen to you, but you don't ever hear my words
you don't wanna know my hurt, yeah
let me guess, you want an apology, probably
how can we keep going at a rate like this?
we can't, so i guess i'ma have to leave
please don't come after me
i just wanna be alone right now, i don't really wanna think at all
go ahead, just drink it off
both know you're gonna call tomorrow like nothin's wrong
ain't that what you always do?
i feel like every time i talk to you, you're in an awful mood
what else can i offer you?
there's nothin' left right now, i gave it all to you
feels like we're on the edge right now
i wish that i could say i'm proud
i'm sorry that i let you down
le-le-let you down
all these voices in my head get loud
i wish that i could shut them out
i'm sorry that i let you down
le-le-let you down
yeah, don't talk down to me
that's not gonna work now
packed all my clothes and i moved out
i don't even wanna go to your house
every time i sit on that couch
i feel like you lecture me, eventually, i bet that we
coulda made this work and prolly woulda figured things out
but, i guess i'm a letdown
but, it's cool, i checked out
oh, you wanna be friends now?
okay, let's put my fake face on and pretend now
sit around and talk about the good times that didn't even happen
i mean, why are you laughin'?
must have missed that joke, let me see if i can find a reaction
no, but at least you're happy
feels like we're on the edge right now
i wish that i could say i'm proud
i'm sorry that i let you down
oh, i let you down
all these voices in my head get loud
i wish that i could shut them out
i'm sorry that i let you down
oh, let you down
yeah, i'm sorry
i'm so sorry, no
yeah, i'm sorry
that i let you down

--- Yunnin - cash in ---
yo
i got cash in, i got the bags in, uh
i got cash in, i'ma turn to new cash in
oh she fine shit oh yea i'm tryna tap it
what's your name, girl? know me, i need your instagram
you feel like everything new?
when i'm talking to you, you are all that i see
tell me if you really see me
keep it, girl, can't keep it g
run the fire, plan, trying to get geek
run over the zone, i dance on the loose streets
beat the block down, do it on feet
i like no, i like no grown up
what's trying to be a grown up?
get the fire, then go reload up
one that's out of here, make him blow up
get the firе, then go reload up
top down, then you try to control us
got a lot, a lot of high childrеn
pieces got foot trying to be trojan
i already know it's gone
young kid, i had eyes on lauren
smell like ysl, yes, i ain't learned
told girl my feelings, they didn't care for it
rolled up, now they wanna beat me up more
talked about that shit, he didn't go for it
watched up, now they wanna see me more
i got cash in, i got the bags in, uh
i got cash in, i bought time to do cash in
oh she fine shit oh yea i'm tryna tap it
what's your name, girl? know me, i need your instagram

--- Lil Pump - Gucci Gang ---
yeah, ooh, brr, brr
gucci gang, ooh
that's it right there, gnealz
yeah, lil pump, yeah
gucci gang, ooh
ooh, bi-bighead on the beat
yeah, brr
gucci gang, gucci gang, gucci gang, gucci gang (gucci gang)
gucci gang, gucci gang, gucci gang (gucci gang)
spend three racks on a new chain (yeah)
my bitch love do cocaine, ooh (ooh)
i fuck a bitch, i forgot her name (brr, yeah)
i can't buy a bitch no wedding ring (ooh)
rather go and buy balmains (brr)
gucci gang, gucci gang, gucci gang (gucci gang)
gucci gang, gucci gang, gucci gang, gucci gang (gucci gang)
gucci gang, gucci gang, gucci gang (gucci gang)
spend three racks on a new chain (huh?)
my bitch love do cocaine, ooh (brr)
i fuck a bitch, i forgot her name, yuh (yeah, yeah)
i can't buy no bitch no wedding ring, ooh (nope)
rather go and buy balmains, ayy (brr)
gucci gang, gucci gang, gucci gang (gucci gang)
my lean cost more than your rent, ooh (it do)
your mom still live in a tent, yuh (brr)
still slangin' dope in the jects, huh? (yeah)
me and my grandma take meds, ooh (huh?)
none of this shit be new to me (nope)
fuckin' my teacher, call it tutorin' (yeah)
bought some red bottoms, cost hella g's (huh?)
fuck your airline, fuck your company (fuck it!)
bitch, your breath smell like some cigarettes (cigarettes)
i'd rather fuck a bitch from the projects (yeah)
they kicked me out the plane off a percocet (brr)
now lil pump flyin' private jet (yeah)
everybody scream, "fuck westjet" (fuck 'em)
lil pump still sell that meth (yeah)
hunnid on my wrist, sippin' on tech (brr)
fuck a lil' bitch, make her pussy wet (what?)
gucci gang, gucci gang, gucci gang, gucci gang (gucci gang) gucci gang, gucci gang, gucci gang (gucci gang)
spend three racks on a new chain (huh?)
my bitch love do cocaine, ooh (yeah)
i fuck a bitch, i forgot her name (brr)
i can't buy a bitch no wedding ring (huh?)
rather go and buy balmains (yeah)
gucci gang, gucci gang, gucci gang (gucci gang)
gucci gang, gucci gang, gucci gang, gucci gang
gucci gang, gucci gang, gucci gang (gucci gang)
spend three racks on a new chain (huh?)
my bitch love do cocaine, ooh (brr)
i fuck a bitch, i forgot her name, yeah (yeah)
i can't buy no bitch no wedding ring, ooh (nope)
rather go and buy balmains, ayy (huh?)
gucci gang, gucci gang, gucci gang

--- SmokePurpp - Audi. ---
yeah, boy
yuh, uh (i know that bitch want me), lil purpp
lil purpp hurt
turn the fuck up, nigga (yuh, i know that bitch want me nigga)
fuck donald trump, nigga (that bitch don't want you, nigga)
yuh, ayy, yuh, ayy, yuh, ayy
lean, lean, double cup
lil' bitch come and hold these nuts (yuh, okay)
hi-tech, i got bloody cup (yeah, yeah)
fucked your bitch, now she a dub (yeah, yeah)
k, okay, yuh, yuh (yeah)
lean, lean, double cup (yeah, lean)
(oh my god, ronny) bitch, come here and hold these nuts
i don't want friends, i want audis, uh (what?)
smokin' on boof and it's maui, uh (ayy)
i'll check that bitch like i'm maury, uh (ayy)
sorry, bitch, i don't say sorry, uh (woo)
look at my cup, it got dope, uh (dope)
i bend her over like slope (slope), uh
bitch's ass cleaner than soap, uh (ayy)
dick in her mouth, then she choke, uh (choke)
couple of bands in my mouth, uh (bands)
couple of bands in the south, ayy
i paid the bands in the west, uh
then take the bands to the south, uh (south)
look at my wad, it's a 50, uh (ayy)
went to new york for like 50, uh (ayy)
i think this bitch wanna kiss me, uh (what?)
i let her top me, no kissin' (no kiss)
whippin', jeff hardy in the kitchen, uh (whip)
countin' and wrap up the chicken, uh (chick')
fuck on these bitches on their menstruals, uh (bitches)
diamonds, they wet, they go fishin', uh (fishin')
whippin', jeff hardy in the kitchen, uh (what?)
count it then wrap up that chicken, uh (huh?)
fuck on these bitches, not their menstruals, uh (huh?)
diamonds, they wet, like go fishin', uh (huh, huh?), yeah
i don't want friends, i want audis (audis)
i don't want cars, i want 'raris (huh?)
i don't want friends, i want audis (huh?)
i don't want cars, i want audis (huh?)
i don't want friends, i want audis (audis)
i don't want friends, i want audis (yeah, huh?)
i think his bitch lookin' salty (uh)
i just pulled up in a 'rari (ooh)
i don't want hoes, i want check, uh (yuh)
i put like ten on my neck (yuh), uh
i think his bitch wanna sex, uh (sex)
bitch, ain't no sex, i want neck, uh (neck)
lay that bitch straight on the bed, uh
dick in her throat, through her head (ooh)
i want a lot of blue hundreds (hundreds)
i'm tryna blow 'fore the summer (ayy, yeah), uh
i need a bitch like rihanna (what?)
i need a bitch with some commas (yuh, huh)
ayy, yuh, ayy, yuh, ayy
i wanna, i wanna
ayy, yuh (this shit sound smokepurpp as fuck)
i wanna, i wanna
i don't want friends, i want audis (audis)
i don't want cars, i want 'raris (huh?)
i don't want friends, i want audis (huh?)
i don't want cars, i want audis (huh?)
i don't want friends, i want audis (audis)
i don't want friends, i want audis (yeah, huh?)
i think his bitch lookin' salty (huh?)
i just pulled up in a 'rari (skrrt)

--- Ski Mask The Slump God - Catch Me Outside ---
shout out, my mucus (ayy, ayy, ayy)
'cause you know that be my slime
(ayy, catch me outside)
shout out, my mucus
that nigga, that be my slime
that nigga, that be my slime sli-sli-slime sli-sli-slime slime
ayy, what? (watch this pussy)
ayy, ayy, okay
naruto nine-tailed fox coat fur (naruto nine-tail)
i feel like a gucci ad-lib, burr
colder than coca-cola mascot, polar bear (colder than coca-cola)
put my sauce on lasagna it could make garfield purr (prr)
i ain't really fuckin' with these niggas like a dyke (water)
new kellogg's tiger i tell 'em earn your stripes (earn your)
you tryna be me but bih, could never in your life (never)
even if you had on my sneakers like bow wow in 
like mike
 (never, never, never, never)
like gotti, nigga, watch me be disgusting (gotti, nigga, watch me be)
i'ma do 'em dirty like a ringworm ring (i'ma do 'em dirty)
why they be talkin' like they might know something? (why they talking like)
i'm madagascar, i'm royalty like lemur king (huh)
told her be careful, my penis just like limousine
and i don't want to eat pussy if it just smell like hennessy
star wars confederate rifle shoot like ray-beam
watch me spin around 360 quick scope or something (huh, huh, huh, huh)
ayy, yuh, ayy (water)
ayy ayy, ayy ayy ayy (huh)
it's doktor avalanche
(let's get it, let's get it, let's get it)
okay like
bills on me blue, uh-huh (sing it)
like a bruise, uh-huh (sing it)
better yet, uh-huh, blue's clues (sing it, sing it, sing it)
bills on me blue, uh-huh (sing it)
like a bruise, uh-huh (sing it)
better yet, uh-huh, blue's clues (sing it, sing it, sing it)
bills on me blue, huh
bruise, huh
better yet, uh, blue's clues
bills on me blue, uh-huh
like a bruise, uh-huh
better yet, mhm, blue's clues
ayy, ayy, ayy, ayy, woah nelly
go and shake that ass like it's vibration on my celly
ayy, ayy, ayy, woah mama (huh)
diamonds on me fatter than peter griffin's big stomach (hahaha)
stove on me too, uh-huh, old news, uh-huh (old news)
cook a nigga, uh-huh, like stew (tsss)
they say my flow that gas, might burp, excuse you, uh-huh
where i'm going, oh, i think your bitch pums
excuse me, don't fumble it
drive where your momma live
she gon' stumble on my dick like jack and jill on the hill (ayy, ayy, ayy)
white on me, jonah hill
heard of my gang and them
i'ma beat that pussy 'til it's black as ms. lauryn hill (we viral)
that's all folks, uh-huh (that's all)
looney tunes, uh-huh (hey)
mink fur pink like the ass on baboon, like
where 
you will regret
? uh-huh, comin' soon (where, where, okay)
when that bitch drop, uh-huh, then toodaloo
ayy, yuh, huh, ayy, ayy, ayy, ayy, ayy, ayy, what? (water)
ayy, ayy, ayy
it's doktor avalanche
(sauce, wet, flex)
okay like
bills on me blue, uh-huh
like a bruise, uh-huh
better yet, uh-huh, blue's clues (ayy, ayy, ayy)
bills on me blue, uh-huh
like a bruise, uh-huh
better yet, uh-huh, blue's clues (ayy, ayy, ayy)
bills on me blue, huh (ayy, ayy)
bruise, huh
better yet, uh, blue's clues (ayy, ayy, ayy, huh)
bills on me blue, uh-huh (yuh)
like a bruise, uh-huh
better yet, mhm, blue's clues (hold up, what?)
viral pussy ho

--- Tay-K - The Race ---
i-i-i'm lil' tay-k, i don't think you want no action (gang, gang)
you want action? you get turned into past tense (into past)
your boys deep? well, let's get to subtractin' (bah, bah)
smith & wesson made my .9 with some compassion (skrrt)
fuck-fuck-fuck a beat, i was tryna beat a case (gang, gang)
but i ain't beat that case, bitch, i did the race (skrrt, skrrt)
beat it up, where i nut? shorty face (lil' bitch)
eli blast crackin' fours like a vase (gang)
pop a nigga, then i go out my way (skrrt)
do the dash, then i go out the way
rob-rob-rob a nigga shoes, rob a nigga lace (gimme that shit, nigga)
we tryna see a hunnid bands in our face (skrrt)
pimp gon' be eatin' good noodles every day (free pimp)
bitch, i'm drawin' doodles, tay-k paint the way (you're a simp)
chopper tear your dudies into fish fillet (haha, lil' bitch)
i-i-i woke up too moody, who gon' die today? (skrrt)
shoot a fuckboy in his motherfuckin' face (grrah, grrah)
we-we-we cookin' up, boy, you don't wanna go that way (that way, that way)
gotta go that way, you get robbed for your rackades (rackade, rackade)
gotta go that way, boy, you not gon' be happy (hahaha)
i-i-i tote fifties, i'm a shooter like young pappy (pew)
bitch try to rob, we make her dance, michael jackson (skrrt)
we was plottin', y'all was tryna get the pack in (lil' bitch)
get the pack in, you get robbed for a fraction (give me that shit)
i-i-i'm lil' tay-k, i don't think you want no action
you want action? you get turned into past tense
your boys deep? well, let's get to subtractin'
smith & wesson made my .9 with some compassion
fuck-fuck-fuck a beat, i was tryna beat a case
but i ain't beat that case, bitch, i did the race (skrrt, skrrt)
beat it up, where i nut? shorty face (gang, gang)
eli blast crackin' fours like a vase
pop a nigga, then i go out my way (grrah, grrah)
do the dash, then i go out the way
rob-rob-rob a nigga shoes, rob a nigga lace (gimme that shit, nigga)
we tryna see a hunnid bands in our face (skrrt)
fuck-fuck-fuck a beat, i was tryna beat a case (gang, gang)
but i ain't beat that case, bitch, i did the race (skrrt, skrrt)
beat it up, where i nut? shorty face (lil' bitch)
eli blast crackin' fours like a vase (gang)
pop a nigga, then i go out my way (skrrt)
do the dash, then i go out the way
rob-rob-rob a nigga shoes, rob a nigga lace (gimme that shit, nigga)
we tryna see a hunnid bands in our face (face)

--- YNW Melly - Murder on My Mind ---
get to roll no
ayy, i'm in the studio, bro
oh nah, yeah, call me, ball me
yeah, i'll
bet
yeah, i'm at the studio, hold up, though
i ain't get to roll no weed, i ain't get to roll no swishers
i was locked up on christmas, i ain't get to see my niggas
i ain't get to hug my mama, couldn't even give her no kisses
can't even post on my instagram 'cause these pussy niggas be snitching
everybody acting suspicious, might probably say that i'm tripping
when i'm all alone in my jail cell, i tend to get in my feelings
and all i smoke is that loud, don't pass me no midget
and i'ma smoke all of my pain away 'cause that's the only thing that gon' heal it
i don't understand these women who go around pretending
as if they really fuck with me, so i love 'em all from a distance
'cause the same bitch say she down to ride be the main one who tricking
got molly mixed with promethazine 'cause every time
i wake up in the morning, i got murder on my mind
ak-47s, mac-11, glocks, and nines
and all these pussy niggas hating, tryna knock me off my grind
but i can't let 'em do it, i got murder on my mind
bitch, i got murder on my mind (bitch, i got murder on my mind)
i got murder on my mind (on my mind)
i got murder on my mind (i got murder on my mind)
i got murder on my mind, i got murder on my mind
yellow tape around his body, it's a fucking homicide
his face is on a t-shirt and his family traumatized
i didn't even mean to shoot him, he just caught me by surprise
i reloaded my pistol, cocked it back, and shot him twice
his body dropped down to the floor and he got teardrops in his eyes
he grabbed me by my hands and said he was afraid to die
i told him, "it's too late, my friend, it's time to say goodbye"
and he died inside my arms, blood all on my shirt
wake up in the morning, i got murder on my mind
ak-47s, mac-11, glocks, and nines
and all these pussy niggas hating, tryna knock me off my grind
but i can't let 'em do it, i got murder on my mind
bitch, i got murder on my mind (bitch, i got murder on my mind)
i got murder on my mind (on my mind)
i got murder on my mind
i got murder on my mind, i got murder on my mind
(i got murder on my mind)
bite like tarantula, bitch, i'm an animal
melly's a savage, no he not no amateur
bad bitch named angela, fucked her on camera
bitch, i'm a murderer (yeah, yeah)
i might just kill the boy, don't wanna kill the boy
bake him up, say he want beef, we gon' grill the boy
(grill the boy, we gonna grill the boy)
i'm bleeding so good, i might dip his ass in it and spill the boy
haha, murder on my mind, woah, woah
i got murder on my mind (on my mind)
i got murder on my mind, i got murder on my mind, huh
wake up in the morning, i got murder on my mind
ak-47s, mac-11, glocks, and nines
and all these pussy niggas hating, tryna knock me off my grind
but i can't let 'em do it, i got murder on my mind
bitch, i got murder on my mind
i got murder on my mind
i got murder on my mind
i got murder on my mind, i got murder on my mind
(murder on my mind)
woah-oh-oh-oh
young nigga world, bitch
woah-oh-oh-oh

--- NLE Choppa - Shotta Flow ---
i wish everything i touch would turn to gold
nle, you heard me?
baby mexico choppa, man, top shotta
baby mexico shotta, you heard me?
we finna talk our shit, you heard me?
ynr (yeah)
midas got a jugg, ayy (yeah, yeah)
yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah
i am a menace, keep me a rack just like tennis
i'm with the shit like i'm dennis
i started this shit, i'ma finish
niggas be hatin', tryna blemish my image
who want the smoke? .223 came with the scope
extended clip long as a rope
we wipe his nose, just like he had him a cold
i knew that boy was a ho
pull up with the gang, you know that we bangin'
what is your set, nigga? what is you claimin'?
i am a beast, you cannot tame it
don't point a finger, this shit can get dangerous
these niggas hatin', these niggas plottin'
ooh, he got money, i'm runnin' his wallet
you say you a killer, lil' nigga, stop it
in a shootout, your gun was droppin'
you really a fraud, you cannot stomp on this yard
my niggas, they scammin', they swipin' them cards
i am so high that i'm talkin' to stars
i'm gone off them jiggas, i'm poppin' them bars
don't mind my pimpin', bitch, don't sweat me
chopper got a kick, call that shit jet li
sauce gang dripped up, what is your recipe?
gon' get an f if a nigga try testin' me
whole lotta money, whole lotta guala
hit the party fifty deep, nothin' but my shottas
nigga tried me so you know i had to pop him
so many bullets, it confused the doctor
whole lotta racks, whole lotta stacks
fuck a headshot, i'ma shoot him in the back
three-point-five rolled up in the cack'
we don't smoke reggie, this shit called gas
i'm sticked up like a blind man
i'm super hot like a frying pan
he say that he gon' take somethin' from me
ayy, just know, he lyin', man
i'ma up from my hip then blow like a whistle
your bitch suckin' dick like a kool-aid pickle
two bullets in your chest, that's a nipple
and if a nigga run up, i'ma pop him like a pimple
get rich or die tryin', i'm feelin' like 50
brand new chopper got double-d titties
nigga, don't play me, i don't get silly
love all the beef like a southwest philly, yeah
yeah, love all the beef like a southwest philly, yeah, ayy
bet, love all the beef like a southwest philly
i might just od, percs killin' me slowly
feelin' like i'm kobe, can't nan' nigga hold me
if he wanna run up on me, shoot him like ginobili
and i'm with the shit, lil' homie, yeah, like i'm toby (yeah)
and i'm with the shit, lil' homie, yeah, like i'm toby, bitch (yeah)
finna ad-lib, keep all that (like i'm toby, yeah, yeah)
(like a school shooter named toby, yeah)
keep all that, tay, yeah (this shit straight drop, lil' nigga, no cut)
ayy, tay, keep all that, keep all that (straight drop, lil' nigga, no cut)
yeah, yeah
(up from my hip, yeah)

--- Lil Tecca - Ransom ---
turn you to a dancer
yeah
internet money, bitch
i got black, i got white, what you want?
hop outside a ghost and hop up in a phantom
i know i'm ’bout to blow, i ain't dumb
they try to take my flow, i take they ass for ransom
i know that i'm gone
they see me blowin’ up, now they say they want some
i got two twin glocks, turn you to a dancer
i see two twin opps, leave 'em on a banner
and i got two thick thots, wanna link the gang, yeah
i got red, i got blue, what you want?
the chanel or balenciaga, louis and vuitton
she know i got the fendi, prada when i hit milan
i needed me a die or rider, i need me the one
i started from the bottom, you could see the way i stunt
i want all the diamonds, i want that shit to weigh a ton
the opps, they tryna line me 'cause they hate the place i'm from
but them niggas don't know me, they just know the place i'm from
i got lots of shawties tryna pull up to my place
but you ain't want me last year, so just get up out my face
they all up in my inbox, so i know they want a taste
i know they want my downfall, lil' nigga, are you laced?
i got black, i got white, what you want?
hop outside a ghost and hop up in a phantom
i know i’m ’bout to blow, i ain't dumb
they try to take my flow, i take they ass for ransom
i know that i’m gone
they see me blowin' up, now they say they want  some
i got two twin glocks, turn you to a dancer
i see two twin opps, leave 'em on a banner
and i got two thick thots, wanna link the gang, yeah
i got black, i got white, what you want?
hop outside a ghost and hop up in a phantom
i know i'm ’bout to blow, i ain't dumb
they try to take my flow, i take they ass for ransom
i know that i'm gone
they see me blowin' up, now they say they want  some
i got two twin glocks, turn you to a dancer
i see two twin opps, leave 'em on a banner
and i got two thick thots, wanna link the gang, yeah

--- Don Toliver - No Idea ---
i know, i know, i know that you're drunk (yeah)
tell me what you want after this club (uh-huh)
you know i get nasty (you know i get nasty)
no uber ride to my house, she caught a taxi (uber ride to my house, yeah)
i'm picky with my women, i'm decidin' (oh)
call me to your crib and i'ma slide in (yeah, oh)
i'm picky with my women, i'm decidin' (oh)
call me to your crib and i'ma slide in (call me to your crib and i'ma)
first things first, let me get that introduction (let me get that introduction)
we on a long road to self-destruction (self-destruct—)
you were so in love, you weren't gon' tell me nothin' (you were so in love)
let me get this clear (uh-huh), 'cause i had no idea (yeah, yeah)
feelin' like i did too much (much)
i'm feelin' like i did too much (much)
well, let's get naughtier (naughtier)
yeah, i mean naughtier (naughtier)
i'm feelin' like i did too much (much)
i'm feelin' like i did too much (much)
well, yeah, let's party, ya (party, ya)
yeah, i need all of ya (all of ya)
uh, uh, uh, uh (yeah)
uh, uh, uh, uh (yeah)
uh, uh, uh, uh (yeah)
uh, uh, uh, uh (yeah)
uh, uh, uh, uh (yeah)
uh, uh, uh, uh (yeah)
uh, uh, uh, uh (yeah)
uh, uh, uh
first things first, let me get that introduction
we on a long road to self-destruction
you were so in love, you weren't gon' tell me nothin'
let me get this clear, 'cause i had no idea (i had no idea)
feelin' like i did too much
i'm feelin' like i did too much
well, let's get naughtier
yeah, i mean naughtier
i'm feelin' like i did too much
i'm feelin' like i did too much
well, yeah, let's party, ya
yeah, i need all of ya (all of ya)
since you've been gone, i've been just okay
i know you mad, you didn't see it my way
since i've been gone, i've been out of space
i let lil' shawty, come here, take your place
ooh, you tried it (tried it)
you couldn't keep my love, you too excited (couldn't keep my love, yeah)
you want a paper plane, i'm the pilot (you want a paper plane, yeah)
you wonder why your girl always smiling (wonder why your girl, yeah)

--- Lil Mosey - Blueberry Faygo ---
damn, callan
 (damn, callan)
one bad bitch and she do what i say so (yeah)
two big 40's and a big-ass draco (boom, boom)
three more millions when you ask how my day go (yeah)
poured up a four, now that's blueberry faygo (lean)
one false move and we straight to shootin' shit
two small bands just to take you out real quick (bands)
three more hoes, pull up, i'm fucking shit (yeah)
that's how it go, big bands, i'm thumbin' shit
ayy, one bad bitch and she do what i say so (yeah)
two big 40's and a big-ass draco (boom, boom)
three more millions when you ask how my day go (yeah)
poured up a four, now that's blueberry faygo (lean)
one false move and we straight to shootin' shit
two small bands just to take you out real quick (bands)
three more hoes, pull up, i'm fucking shit (yeah)
that's how it go, big bands, i'm thumbin' shit
i'm with my niggas, yeah, we some rockstars
and i'm with my nigga, yeah, kk wokhardt (kk wokhardt)
this not my dick, lil' bitch, my glock hard (lil' bitch)
straight to the cash (cash), i'm a trapstar
straight to the bag (bag), i'm that nigga, huh?
got me some gas, rollin' up some
pfft, pfft, cash, yeah, i got me some
i ain't fucked since yesterday, i'ma fuck somethin'
one bad bitch and she do what i say so (yeah)
two big 40's and a big-ass draco (boom, boom)
three more millions when you ask how my day go (yeah)
poured up a four, now that's blueberry faygo (lean)
one false move and we straight to shootin' shit
two small bands just to take you out real quick (bands)
three more hoes, pull up, i'm fucking shit (yeah)
that's how it go, big bands, i'm thumbin' shit
three-oh clip in my nina (boom, boom)
on my toes, gucci, valentino
she on go, your bitch for the team, uh (lil' bitch)
'cause you know your bitch want a winner (winner)
i just went back to my city (to my city)
and you know they all fuckin' with me (yeah, they is)
but it ain't safe, poles with me (poles)
i'ma chase bands 'til they end me
one bad bitch and she do what i say so (yeah)
two big 40's and a big-ass draco (boom, boom)
three more millions when you ask how my day go (yeah)
poured up a four, now that's blueberry faygo (lean)
one false move and we straight to shootin' shit
two small bands just to take you out real quick (bands)
three more hoes, pull up, i'm fucking shit (yeah)
that's how it go, big bands, i'm thumbin' shit
ayy, one bad bitch and she do what i say so (yeah)
two big 40's and a big-ass draco (boom, boom)
three more millions when you ask how my day go (yeah)
poured up a four, now that's blueberry faygo (lean)
one false move and we straight to shootin' shit
two small bands just to take you out real quick (bands)
three more hoes, pull up, i'm fucking shit (yeah)
that's how it go, big bands, i'm thumbin' shit

--- Jack Harlow - WHATS POPPIN ---
what's poppin'? (pooh, you a fool for this one)
brand new whip, just hopped in (just hopped in)
i got options (oh lord, jetson made another one)
i could pass that bitch like stockton (it ain't nothin')
just joshin'
i'ma spend this holiday locked in (ooh)
my body got rid of them toxins (mmh, mmh)
sportscenter, top ten
i could put the ball in the end zone
put a bad bitch in the friendzone, ooh
this shit sound like an intro
jetson, give me that tempo, ooh
told pooh he a fool with this shit (he a fool)
told her don't let her friends know (don't)
in the 'ville and i move like a don (don)
eating fettuccine at vincenzo's
me and my 'migos got that free smoke
on the west coast, yeah, i'm talking 'bout pre-rolls (pre-roll)
dark haired bitch and she look like shego (she do)
hometown hero, feeling myself, can't murder my ego (can't do it)
she heard of my deep stroke
she said, "babe, does it hurt when i deep throat?" (it does)
certified freak ho
hang around us and she learnin' my lingo
back then, wasn't worried 'bout me though
in the gym tryna work on my free throw
goddamn (goddamn)
spending money at the club like sam's (cha-ching)
yes, ma'am
she a lil' freak on cam (facts)
but she don't put this on the 'gram (nah)
lil' boys tryna diss on the 'gram (ayy)
i can't switch on the fam (bitch)
shit's hot, hit the switch on the fan (hit that shit)
this where my head is (listen)
i feel resentment from every direction
even some homies be wearing expressions
i be discouraged from sharing my blessings (damn)
we used to share a connection
now it just feels like it's wearing and stretching
i'm getting real sick of taking advice
from people that never could stare at reflections (ooh)
somewhere in there is a lesson
y'all ain't evolvin', it's very depressing
i'm at the club with the basketball team
me and the cardinals are sharing a section (facts)
gotta cherish the present
i'm drinking water and wearing protection
got a career and i'm very invested
some people call it a scary obsession (ooh, period, but)
i like to call it a passion
i can't be sitting relaxin' (nah, i can't)
pg, we getting some traction
i'm at the venue, it's packed in (packed out)
i'm digging her accent
i got a b.b. simon belt on me
and she tryna get it unfastened
that's my type of distraction
that's my type and she latin (that's facts, ooh)
got my own flow and i'm 'bout to get a patent
brand new sheets for the bed, they satin (soft, real soft)
y'all wasn't tuned in back then (nah)
my swag, they keep jackin' (keep on jackin')
i ain't doin' no verse, quit askin' (quit askin')
what's poppin'? (pooh, you a fool for this one)
brand new whip, just hopped in (just hopped in)
i got options
i could pass that bitch like stockton (it ain't nothin')
just joshin'
i'ma spend this holiday locked in (ooh)
my body got rid of them toxins (mmh, mmh)
sportscenter, top ten

--- Baby Keem - family ties ---
jump in that— (hah, hah), summon that bitch
jump in that— (hah, hah), jump in that fire (hah), jump in that bitch
hittin' that fire, jump in that whip, thumb in that bitch
cum in that bitch (ho), drummin' that— (hah, hah)
drummin' that bitch (yeah)
choppa doin' circles, it's a bird, bird
take him to the party, he's a nerd (pop out)
i ain't seen niggas hit corners in the motherfuckin' 'burbs, huh (pop out)
done politickin' with the competition, what's the word? (yeah)
put that on my mama, nigga, eight in the process
niggas tryna tippy-toe through the progress
tongue-tied when the truth is an object
what's the pros and the cons of this next check?
wasn't nobody 'round, i was independent
in the '90s, sittin' bum with the windows tinted
heard a bum got a strap in the party
who the fuck let this **** in the party?
beat 'em up, beat 'em up, beat 'em up, beat 'em up (ah)
i was seein' double in the projects
mad at myself, learned to put it to the side
mama had to cater for the coupe
that we rode after school on the way to popeyes
and niggas wanna play both sides
it's a red dot, don't get on the wrong red eye
it's a headshot, damien kane, woo, them guys
fuck around and bury two of them guys
i'm od in paris, i'm od in france
i thought that i told you, i need the advance
put down your ig and look through my lens
a million to grandma, who did i offend?
the girl of your dreams to me is a fan
i netted ten million and did a lil' dance
i'm fuckin' the world, i unzip my pants
my uncle g told me that i had a chance
so then i popped out and did it again
and did it again and did it again
i can not respect them, where did he begin?
advice from the council, let nobody in
been swervin' through rumors
avoidin' the trends and duckin' the hoes
i'm duckin' the loonies that come with the shows
i'm grateful to man-man, he opened up doors
a bunk on the tour bus to come and compose
i reach to the stars on my tippy toes
this greatest success where most niggas fold
i tell you my past, that shit don't get old
but how could you ask like i don't be writin' my raps?
these critics got everyone tapped
you gotta relax, the city where nobody sleep
just tap in and ask where i'm at, ho
smokin' on your top five tonight, tonight
yeah, i'm smokin' on your what's-his-name tonight, tonight
smokin' on your shows, ain't tonight, to—
i am the omega, pglang, rollie gang, sie
don't you address me unless it's with four letters
i thought you'd known better
i been duckin' the pandemic, i been—, social gimmicks
i been duckin' the overnight activists, yeah
i'm not a trending topic, i'm a—
hold on, y'all niggas playin' with me, man
i am the omega, pglang, rollie gang, sie
don't you address me unless it's with four letters
bitch, i thought you'd known better
i been duckin' the pandemic, i been duckin' the social gimmicks
i been duckin' the overnight activists, yeah
i'm not a trending topic, i'm a prophet
i answer to metatron and gabriel
bitch, looking for a better me
i am a legacy, i come from the seventy
the al green offspring, guns and the melody
the big shot, wrist on cryotherapy
soon as i press that button
nigga better get right like the ambulance comin'
us two ain't alike, he ain't been through nothin'
dave free got at least one b in the oven
i'm trippin', i'm juggin', my mental is amazing, brother
pop off, only on occasions, brother
rich nigga, mama know i made it, brother
go figure, never caught cases, brother
face it, brother, gracious brother
new flows comin', be patient, brother
show my ass and take y'all to class
i can multitask like megan, brother
2021, i ain't takin' no prisoner
last year, y'all fucked up all the listener
who went platinum? i call that a visitor
who the fuck backin' 'em? all been falsified
the facts mean this a vaccine and the game need me to survive
the elohim, the rebirth
before you get to the father, you gotta holla at me first, bitch
smokin' on top fives
motherfuck that album, fuck that single
burn that hard drive (burn that shit)
ain't nobody safe
when i come, i'm killin' everybody that's outside (who you with?)
yeah, kanye changed his life
but me, i'm still an old-school gemini (lil' bitch)
let me jump in this bitch
let me jump in this bitch
two phones, but i only bring one in this bitch
one daughter, but they all my sons in this bitch
no hoes, ain't shit gettin' done in this bitch
i'm scary, i got a gun in this bitch
smokin' on top fives
stop playin', i'm that guy
number two dm'ing my bitch
that's cool, i don't ask why

--- Kendrick Lamar - N95 ---
hello, new world, all the boys and girls
i got some true stories to tell
you're back outside, but they still lied
woah, yeah
take off the foo-foo, take off the clout chase, take off the wi-fi
take off the money phone, take off the car loan, take off the flex and the white lies
take off the weird-ass jewelry, i'ma take ten steps, then i'm takin' off top five
take off them fabricated streams and them microwave memes, it's a real world outside (take that shit off)
take off your idols, take off the runway, i take off to cairo (take that shit off)
take off to saint-tropez, five-day stay, take a quarter mil', hell if i know (take that shit off)
take off the front flag, take off perception, take off the cop with the eye patch (take that shit off)
take off the unloyal, take off the unsure, take off decisions i lack (take it off)
take off the fake deep, take off the fake woke, take off the, "i'm broke, i care" (take it off)
take off the gossip, take off the new logic that if i'm rich, i'm rare (take it off)
take off the chanel, take off the dolce, take off the birkin bag (take it off)
take all that designer bullshit off, and what do you have?
bitch, huh, huh, ugh, you ugly as fuck (you outta pocket)
huh, two atms (hah, hah, hah, hah), you steppin' or what? (you outta pocket)
huh, who you think they talk about? talk about us (you outta pocket; shoot, shoot, shoot)
who you think they copy off? (brrt, brrt, brrt, brrt, brrt) copy off us (get back in pocket)
the world in a panic, the women is stranded, the men on a run
the prophets abandoned, the law take advantage, the market is crashin', the industry wants
niggas and bitches to sleep in a box while they makin' a mockery followin' us
this ain't monopoly, watchin' for love, this ain't monogamy, y'all gettin' fucked
jumpin' on what the hell is that? i gotta relax when i feel (huh, facts)
all my descendants, they come in my sleep and say i am too real (huh, facts)
i'm done with the sensitive, takin' it personal, done with the black and the white, the wrong and the right
you hopin' for change and clericals, i know the feelings that came with burial's cries
bitch, huh, huh, ugh, you ugly as fuck (you outta pocket)
huh, two atms (hah, hah, hah, hah, hah), you steppin' or what? (you outta pocket)
huh, who you think they talk about? talk about us (you outta pocket; shoot, shoot, shoot)
who you think they copy off? (brrt, brrt, brrt, brrt) copy off us
servin' up a look, dancin' in a drought
hello to the big stepper, never losin' count
ventin' in the safe house
ventin' in the sa—
can i vent all my truth? i got nothin' to lose, i got problems and pools, i can swim on my faith
cameras movin' whenever i'm movin', the family suin' whatever i make
murder is stackin', the president actin', the government taxin' my funds in the bank
homies attractin' the feds when i'm brackin', look at my reaction, my pupils on skates (hold up, hold up)
let's think about this for a second (let's go)
tell me what you would do for aesthetic (let's go)
would you sell your soul on credit? (let's go)
would you sell your bro for leverage? (let's go)
where the hypocrites at?
what community feel they the only ones relevant? (let's go)
where the hypocrites at?
what community feel they the only ones relevant? (let's go)
huh, huh, huh, you outta pocket, yeah, you outta pocket (this shit hard)
you entertain the mediocre, need to stop it (this shit hard)
you entertainin' old friends when they toxic (this shit hard)
what your life like? bullshit and gossip (this shit hard)
what the fuck is cancel culture, dog?
say what i want about you niggas, i'm like oprah, dog
i treat you crackers like i'm jigga, watch, i own it all
oh, you worried 'bout a critic? that ain't protocol (bitch)

--- J. Cole - MIDDLE CHILD ---
you good, t-minus?
niggas been countin' me out
i’m countin' my bullets, i'm loadin’ my clips
i'm writin' down names, i'm makin' a list
i'm checkin' it twice and i'm gettin’ ’em hit
the real ones been dyin', the fake ones is lit
the game is off balance, i’m back on my shit
the bentley is dirty, my sneakers is dirty
but that's how i like it, you all on my dick
i'm all in my bag, this hard as it get
i do not snort powder, i might take a sip
i might hit the blunt, but i'm liable to trip
i ain’t poppin' no pill, but you do as you wish
i roll with some fiends, i love 'em to death
i got a few mil' but not all of them rich
what good is the bread if my niggas is broke?
what good is first class if my niggas can't sit?
that's my next mission, that's why i can't quit
just like lebron, get my niggas more chips
just put the rollie right back on my wrist
this watch came from drizzy, he gave me a gift
back when the rap game was prayin' i'd diss
they act like two legends cannot coexist
but i'd never beef with a nigga for nothin'
if i smoke a rapper, it's gon' be legit
it won't be for clout, it won't be for fame
it won't be 'cause my shit ain't sellin' the same
it won't be to sell you my latest lil' sneakers
it won't be 'cause some nigga slid in my lane
everything grows, it's destined to change
i love you lil' niggas, i'm glad that you came
i hope that you scrape every dollar you can
i hope you know money won't erase the pain
to the ogs, i'm thankin' you now
was watchin' you when you was pavin' the ground
i copied your cadence, i mirrored your style
i studied the greats, i'm the greatest right now
fuck if you feel me, you ain't got a choice
i ain't do no promo, still made all that noise
this year gon' be different, i set my intentions
i promise to slap all that hate out your voice
niggas been countin' me out
i'm countin' my bullets, i'm loadin' my clips
i'm writin' down names, i'm makin' a list
i'm checkin' it twice and i'm gettin' 'em hit
the real ones been dyin', the fake ones is lit
the game is off balance, i'm back on my shit
the bentley is dirty, my sneakers is dirty
but that's how i like it, you all on my dick
i just poured somethin' in my cup
i've been wantin' somethin' i can feel
promise i am never lettin' up
money in your palm don't make you real
foot is on they neck, i got 'em stuck
i'ma give 'em somethin' they can feel
if it ain't 'bout the squad, don't give a fuck
pistol in your hand don't make you real
i'm dead in the middle of two generations
i'm little bro and big bro all at once
just left the lab with young 21 savage
i'm 'bout to go and meet jigga for lunch
had a long talk with the young nigga kodak
reminded me of young niggas from 'ville
straight out the projects, no fakin', just honest
i wish that he had more guidance, for real
too many niggas in cycle of jail
spending they birthdays inside of a cell
we coming from a long bloodline of trauma
we raised by our mamas, lord, we gotta heal
we hurting our sisters, the babies as well
we killing our brothers, they poisoned the well
distorted self-image, we set up to fail
i'ma make sure that the real gon' prevail, nigga
i just poured somethin' in my cup
i've been wantin' somethin' i can feel
promise i am never lettin' up
money in your palm don't make you real
foot is on they neck, i got 'em stuck
i'ma give 'em somethin' they can feel
if it ain't 'bout the squad, don't give a fuck
pistol in your hand don't make you real
money in your palm don't make you real
pistol in your hand don't make you real
money in your palm don't make you real

--- Drake - God’s Plan ---
and they wishin' and wishin'
and wishin' and wishin', they wishin' on me
yeah
i been movin' calm, don't start no trouble with me
tryna keep it peaceful is a struggle for me
don't pull up at 6 a.m. to cuddle with me
you know how i like it when you lovin' on me
i don't wanna die for them to miss me
yes, i see the things that they wishin' on me
hope i got some brothers that outlive me
they gon' tell the story, shit was different with me
god's plan, god's plan
i hold back, sometimes, i won't, yeah
i feel good, sometimes, i don't (ayy, don't)
i finessed down weston road (ayy, 'nessed)
might go down a g-o-d (yeah, wait)
i go hard on southside g (yeah, wait)
i make sure that north-side eat
and still
bad things
it's a lot of bad things that they wishin' and wishin'
and wishin' and wishin', they wishin' on me
bad things
it's a lot of bad things that they wishin' and wishin'
and wishin' and wishin', they wishin' on me
yeah, ayy, ayy
she say, "do you love me?" i tell her, "only partly
i only love my bed and my mama, i'm sorry"
fifty dub, i even got it tatted on me
eighty-one, they'll bring the crashers to the party
and you know me
turn the o2 into the o3, dog
without 40, oli, there'd be no me
'magine if i never met the broskies
god's plan, god's plan
i can't do this on my own, ayy (no, ayy)
someone watchin' this shit close (yep, close)
i've been me since scarlett road, ayy (road, ayy)
might go down as g-o-d (yeah, wait, yeah)
i go hard on southside g (ayy, wait, ayy)
i make sure that north-side eat, yeah
and still
bad things
it's a lot of bad things that they wishin' and wishin'
and wishin' and wishin', they wishin' on me
yeah, yeah
bad things
it's a lot of bad things that they wishin' and wishin'
and wishin' and wishin', they wishin' on me
yeah

--- Travis Scott - SICKO MODE ---
astro, yeah
sun is down, freezin' cold
that's how we already know, winter's here
my dog would probably do it for a louis belt
that's just all he know, he don't know nothin' else
i tried to show 'em, yeah
i tried to show 'em, yeah, yeah
yeah, yeah, yeah
goin' on you with the pick and roll
young la flame, he in sicko mode
(woo) made this here with all the ice on in the booth
at the gate outside, when they pull up, they get me loose
yeah, jump out boys, that's nike boys, hoppin' out coupes
this shit way too big, when we pull up, give me the loot (gimme the loot!)
was off the remy, had a papoose
had to hit my old town to duck the news
two-four hour lockdown, we made no moves
now it's 4 a.m. and i'm back up poppin' with the crew
i just landed in, chase b mixes pop like jamba juice
different colored chains, think my jeweler really sellin' fruits
and they chokin', man, know the crackers wish it was a noose
some-some-some-someone said
to win the retreat, we all in too deep
play-play-playin' for keeps, don't play us for weak (someone said)
to win the retreat, we all in too deep
play-play-playin' for keeps, don't play us for weak
yeah, this shit way too formal, y'all know i don't follow suit
stacey dash, most of these girls ain't got a clue
all of these hoes i made off records i produced
i might take all my exes and put 'em all in a group
hit my eses, i need the bootch
'bout to turn this function to bonnaroo
told her, "hop in, you comin' too"
in the 305, bitches treat me like i'm uncle luke
(don't stop, pop that pussy!)
had to slop the top off, it's just a roof, uh
she said, "where we goin'?" i said, "the moon"
we ain't even make it to the room
she thought it was the ocean, it's just the pool
now i got her open, it's just the goose
who put this shit together? i'm the glue
someone said
shorty facetimed me out the blue
someone said
play-playin' for keeps
someone said, mother****, someone said
don't play us for weak
yeah
astro, yeah, yeah
(tay keith, fuck these niggas up)
ayy, ayy
she's in love with who i am
back in high school, i used to bus it to the dance (yeah)
now i hit the fbo with duffels in my hands
i did half a xan, thirteen hours 'til i land
had me out like a light, ayy, yeah
like a light, ayy, yeah
like a light, ayy, slept through the flight, ayy
knocked for the night, ayy
767, man, this shit got double bedroom, man
i still got scores to settle, man
i crept down the block (down the block)
made a right (yeah, right)
cut the lights (yeah, what?), paid the price (yeah)
niggas think it's sweet (nah, never), it's on sight (yeah, what?)
nothin' nice (yeah), baguettes in my ice (aw, man)
jesus christ (yeah), checks over stripes (yeah)
that's what i like (yeah), that's what we like (yeah)
lost my respect, you not a threat
when i shoot my shot, that shit wetty like i'm sheck (bitch)
see the shots that i took (ayy), wet like i'm book (ayy)
wet like i'm lizzie
i be spinnin' valley, circle blocks 'til i'm dizzy (yeah, what?)
like where is he? (yeah, what?)
no one seen him (yeah, yeah)
i'm tryna clean 'em (yeah)
she's in love with who i am
back in high school, i used to bus it to the dance
now i hit the fbo with duffels in my hands (woo)
i did half a xan, thirteen hours 'til i land
had me out like a light (like a light)
like a light (like a light)
like a light (like a light)
like a light
yeah, passed the dogs a celly
sendin' texts, ain't sendin' kites, yeah
he said, "keep that on lock"
i say, "you know this shit, it's stife," yeah
it's absolute, yeah (yeah), i'm back, reboot (it's lit)
laferrari to jamba juice, yeah (skrrt, skrrt)
we back on the road, they jumpin' off, no parachute, yeah
shorty in the back
she said she workin' on her glutes, yeah (oh my god)
ain't by the book, yeah, this how it look, yeah
'bout a check, yeah (check), just check the foots, yeah
pass this to my daughter, i'ma show her what it took (yeah)
baby mama cover 
forbes
, got these other bitches shook
yeah

--- Quavo - HOTEL LOBBY (Unc & Phew) ---
m-m-m-murda
let's get it
hop off a sixteen passenger
this a g5, no, this not a challenger (big one)
i keep some members with me and the freaks get coach seats
they some cannibals (eaters)
they like to get geeked, drink a whole bottle, wake up and repeat (damn)
she took a lil' (shh), mixed it with the— (chill out)
now she said she seein' 3d (wow)
i go in the jungle and i ain't got a coat, i bet i come out with a mink (i bet i)
do this shit for the fam 'cause this shit bigger than me (big)
colored stones in my infinity link, and in the factory, masterpiece (factory)
i call him twin 'cause that be my brother
we got the same rollie, he matchin' me (nah, for real)
water on me like the sauna (wet), some karats, some pointers (woo)
all these commas, i won't fumble (fumble)
migo gunners out the jungle (migo)
buy it all, fuck a front up (fuck nigga)
cake on me, no funnel (woo, cash)
drop top, feelin' like stunna (hah, drop top)
get these plays, no runnin' (we gone)
chrome hearts wallet, smoke my pilot, take three vibes to the tropics (tropics)
nigga wasn't shit, i was outside just servin' narcotics (narcotics, woo)
pass me that stick, nigga make one wrong move, just pop him (pop him, brrt)
blame it on bro with the ho flooded out in the hotel lobby (flooded)
it's crowded, diamonds be dancin' like bobby (they dancin')
don't touch it, this glock, it be cocky (don't touch it)
shroom and g6 the party, we get it (we kick it)
bitches gon' trend on the topic (keep trendin')
the way i pull up, i'ma pop it, ain't none of these niggas gon' stop me (pull up, gone)
put this shit on, get a cup for the drip, i'm a motherfuckin' faucet (kilo)
keep stackin', your bank gon' get bigger (go)
never will i throw some shade on no nigga (on take')
lil' nigga, don't play with these niggas (no)
i see the big picture, we up on these niggas (uh)
the huncho, the one, you gon' call on me, nigga? ('cho)
i got your bag, you gon' follow me, nigga (foll')
when i get up, we gon' ball on these niggas (ball)
fuckin' shit up 'cause we beat out the system (fuck the system)
water on me like the sauna (wet), some karats, some pointers (woo)
all these commas, i won't fumble (fumble)
migo gunners out the jungle (migo)
buy it all, fuck a front up (fuck nigga)
cake on me, no funnel (woo, cash)
drop top, feelin' like stunna (hah, drop top)
get these plays, no runnin' (we gone)
chrome hearts wallet, smoke my pilot, take three vibes to the tropics (go)
nigga wasn't shit, i was outside just servin' narcotics (narcotics, woo)
pass me that stick, nigga make one wrong move, just pop him (pop him, brrt)
blame it on bro with the ho flooded out in the hotel lobby (flooded)

--- Takeoff - Casper ---
what do i want to do today?
808 mafia
um
th
at boy cassius
bad bitch (bad)
small waist, pretty face (pretty)
havin' my way (havin', havin')
she let me nut on her face (eugh)
stay in your place (stay in your)
shut up and stay out the way (shut up)
decided what i'm gonna do today (what?)
i'ma ghost ride the wraith (ghost)
i'ma ghost ride the wraith
i wanna look at the stars today (ghost)
i'ma ghost ride the wraith (ghost)
i'ma ghost ride the wraith (ghost)
i'ma ghost ride the wraith
thinkin' 'bout coppin' that dawn today (skrrt)
i'ma ghost ride the wraith (ghost)
i'ma ghost ride the wraith (takeoff)
i'ma ghost ride the wraith
i'ma ghost ride like i'm from the bay (bay)
you better watch your bae
better off doin' what simon say (say)
they mad 'cause i copped the wraith
police they look at my license plate (12)
they look at my jewelry
when i hop out, start singin' "amazing grace" (grace)
the feast we eat
before we jump in, my nigga we gotta say grace (got to)
my grandmama gone but can't be replaced (no)
jenna, she paved the way (jenna lou)
i'm turnin' the page on niggas (turnin')
i waited days, remember? (waited)
been had that fame on the side of my hood
swear it couldn't change a nigga (how?)
you niggas are slow (slow)
i can beat you runnin' backwards (backwards)
the way i ghost ride the wraith
thought you would've seen casper (where)
no i ain't gon' hide the k
'cause i know i'm who they after (fuckin' bastard)
how much you charge a feature?
extra twenty if you askin', gotta tax 'em
bad bitch (bad)
small waist, pretty face (pretty)
havin' my way (havin', havin')
she let me nut on her face (eugh)
stay in your place (stay in your)
shut up and stay out the way (shut up)
decided what i'm gonna do today (what?)
i'ma ghost ride the wraith (ghost)
i'ma ghost ride the wraith
i wanna look at the stars today (ghost)
i'ma ghost ride the wraith (ghost)
i'ma ghost ride the wraith (ghost)
i'ma ghost ride the wraith
thinkin' 'bout coppin' that dawn today (skrrt)
i'ma ghost ride the wraith (ghost)
i'ma ghost ride the wraith (takeoff)
i let her ride the wraith (c'mon), but she wanna ride the face (nah)
ain't give her the car, but i gave her 30k so she can slide and slay (slay)
these niggas be talkin' 'bout double r rolls, but that is 2008 (c'mon)
beep, beep, double r backin' up, get out the way (get out)
reclinin' seats (recline), pressin' one button, massagin' me (massage me)
i ride with heat (ride), for all of my niggas deceased (died)
the pineapple 'scotti, it reek (ew)
gelato biscotti, it stink (ew)
fuck 12, nigga fast on feet (fuck 12)
cartel get the bag dirt cheap (cartel)
got gas but the tank on e (gas)
no flash, but the ice on fleek (no flash)
walkin' out with the bag and receipt (walkin' out)
no clout, all facts when i speak (no clout)
white wraith with the red and black seats (wraith)
pullin' up like a falcon with me (pullin' up)
she gon' faint when she see the double r (huh)
when she find out casper with me (casper)
bad bitch (bad)
small waist, pretty face (pretty)
havin' my way (havin', havin')
she let me nut on her face (eugh)
stay in your place (stay in your)
shut up and stay out the way (shut up)
decided what i'm gonna do today (what?)
i'ma ghost ride the wraith (ghost)
i'ma ghost ride the wraith
i wanna look at the stars today (ghost)
i'ma ghost ride the wraith (ghost)
i'ma ghost ride the wraith (ghost)
i'ma ghost ride the wraith
thinkin' 'bout coppin' that dawn today (skrrt)
i'ma ghost ride the wraith (ghost)
i'ma ghost ride the wraith (takeoff)

--- Offset - Clout ---
diamonds on fleek
bitch, i ain't talking about the heat, oh
put it on, streets
we straight out the streets
we straight out the streets
straight out the streets to a penthouse
straight out the streets to a penthouse, miami beach (yayo)
niggas talk crazy on tweets (who)
they don't want it 'cause i come to defeat (they don't wanna)
i peep, these niggas all sweet (weak)
bamboo sticks all in the jeep (brr, brr)
there's a new weirdo every week (weirdo)
get the whip, put it up for my seeds (put it up)
no cure for the ig disease (no cure)
do anything for clout (anything)
they do anything for clout (anything)
do anything for clout (anything)
they do anything for clout (clout)
do anything for clout (clout, do this, woo woo)
they do anything for clout (anything)
do anything for clout (hey)
bitch, watch your mouth (watch it)
bitch, stay in your place (place)
bitch, get out the way (move)
my bitch on your ass, kim k (yeah)
no disrespect (nah)
the nigga be tripping, but we love ye (he tripping)
swapping out cars with my bitch
i bought her the lambo, she bought me the wraith (swappin')
practice, practice, practice make perfect
nigga, it's never too late (never, never, never)
i took the ssss outta the snake (i took the soul out the snake)
then i take the bills up out of the bank (racks)
the blog and the media fake (they fake)
shorty dm me, i'm straight (i'm straight)
i'm not gon' bite on the bait (nah)
sippin' on toxic waste (mud)
on the low with your bitch and it's great (on the low)
mask on her face, jason
run to the set, we in shape (shape)
if i go broke she gon' leave, escape (she gon')
i put two mill' in the safe just in case, don't go my way (no cap)
my kids gotta have money, not just me (facts)
that's selfish (it's selfish)
oh, i took the crown off the king like mike did elvis (oh, i took it)
ooh, the world is wild, he dying
don't lie, that don't help him (world is wild)
ooh, your bitch want to eat up the drip, and you cannot help it
straight out the streets to a penthouse, miami beach (yayo)
niggas talk crazy on tweets (who)
they don't want it 'cause i come to defeat (they don't wanna)
i peep, these niggas all sweet (weak)
bamboo sticks all in the jeep (brr, brr)
there's a new weirdo every week (weirdo)
get the whip, put it up for my seeds (put it up)
no cure for the ig disease (no cure)
do anything for clout (anything)
they do anything for clout (anything)
do anything for clout (anything)
they do anything for clout (clout)
do anything for clout (clout, do this, woo woo)
they do anything for clout (anything)
do anything for clout (hey)
look, whole lotta people need to hear this (facts)
it's a lotta names on my hit list (bap, bap)
mouth still say what it wants to (woo)
pussy still wet like a big bitch (facts, facts)
i should run a whole blog at this rate (phew)
they using my name for clickbait (clickbait)
bitches even wanna start fake beef (fake beef)
to sell their little weave and a mixtape (woo)
they know i'm the bomb, they ticking me off
say anything to get a response
i know that mean they traffic is low
somebody just gotta practice to launch
so fuck being tamed, i'd rather be wild
bitches is brandy, they wanna be down
soon as these bitches got something to sell
they say my name, say my name, destiny child
everybody wanna be lit, everybody wanna be rich
everybody wanna be this, if i was you, i'd hate me bitch
free my primes, nigga, suck my dick
all of that talk and i'm calling it out
public opinions from private accounts
you not a check, then you gotta bounce
i got the drip, come get an ounce
they do anything for clout (clout)
do anything for clout (whoo)
bitches is mad, bitches is trash (errr)
oscar the grouch (grouch)
seeing me win, it gotta hurt
ooh, ooh, ouch
said when they see me, what they gon' do?
bitch, not from the couch, bah
do anything for clout (anything)
they do anything for clout (anything)
do anything for clout (anything)
they do anything for clout (clout)
do anything for clout (clout, do this, woo woo)
they do anything for clout (anything)
do anything for clout

--- Lil Baby - In A Minute ---
(damn, kai, you goin' crazy)
i be in the loop, she be in a group (yeah)
brodie want her friend, throw 'em alley-oop (yeah)
turned somethin' to nothin', bruh, i'm livin' proof
how can i lose when we the who's who's?
still runnin' 'round with mohawk, jet ready, pack the goyard
people probably think i show off, i ain't even give it yet
runnin' up a silly check, stayin' off the internet
share the stage with billie eilish, turnt at any given time
personal partners pillow talkin' 'cause i got rich without 'em
only thing they should be sayin' is, "baby keep it solid"
we ain't even deep as we used to be, this shit slick, divided
bruh ain't got no hustle or nothin', so he gon' stick to violence
i be known to run down, i'm dialed in, so i can't speak about it
she know i'm a gangster, she love me, i bring the freak up out her
can't play with me, you know i come trim, i'm in a different league
i'm tired of showin' what i can get done, what you gon' do for me?
forty-thousand miles up in the air, only time i get some z's
full-court press, foot on they neck, and i can't let 'em breathe
blood, sweat, and tears come with this check, it ain't nowhere near easy
had to fall back, you know how that go, we only speakin' briefly
hope i'm not too much to handle, city nigga from atlanta
i spent my last check on ammo, this is not a regular lambo
hundred thousand dollars kit, could've put down on another lambo
don't be in the mix, i built this shit forever havin' say so
this shit gon' get serious about my money, this ain't no fuckin' play-doh
brodie down for double homicide, i try to tell him, "lay low"
c don't like to drive, but he spin good, i'm on the way to clayco
ak-47s in the spots before they made the draco
i'm just tryna ball and live, hundred mill', i'm calling dibs
i'm the boss, pay all the bills, i'm the golden child for real
go off in this bitch, i will, i been on my grind for years
and i'm out here grinding still, i need equity to sign the deal
i'm just tryna ball and live, hundred mill', i'm calling dibs
i'm the boss, pay all the bills, i'm the golden child for real
go off in this bitch, i will, i been on my grind for years
and i'm out here grinding still, i need equity to sign the deal
overbuying cars, i snatch the brabus just for motivation
shootout at the spot today, tomorrow, we in a new location
free all of the guys, i hope y'all beat the case or get probation
stash it at my mama house, four hundred bands in the ventilation
now look how i'm living, i bought a house for the money to stay at
right when niggas think that i got soft, i'ma pull up and spray at
living like a don, might smoke a blunt in the back of the maybach
pull up like your mama with the switch, "why the fuck would you say that?”
you can do it first, i'ma do it worst, gotta double the pay back
never take it personal, show no mercy, bruh taught me that way back
condo to get off, i was always taught, "don't tell hoes where you stay at"
keep a stash house, you can't take nothing to the spot where you lay at
never be a bother, if you off me, no problem, just say that
never runnin' off, so if i owe you, i got you, i'll pay that
give this shit my all, so when i'm old, i can chill and just lay back
really from the bottom so the trenches is where i feel safe at
i'm just tryna ball and live, hundred mill', i'm calling dibs
i'm the boss, pay all the bills, i'm the golden child for real
go off in this bitch, i will, i been on my grind for years
and i'm out here grinding still, i need equity to sign the deal
i'm just tryna ball and live, hundred mill', i'm calling dibs
i'm the boss, pay all the bills, i'm the golden child for real
go off in this bitch, i will, i been on my grind for years
and i'm out here grinding still, i need equity to sign the deal

--- Gunna - fukumean ---
(ooh, dunk rock)
fuck you mean?
young gunna wunna back, callin' me splurge
watch me jump right off the curb
bentley spur fly like a bird
spin on the first and the third
solid, i'm keepin' my word
can't be my equal, i don't know what you heard
crank up the foreign, i swerve
keep me a stick if they purge
ha, ha, ha, ha
ha, ha, ha, ha
fuck you mean?
young gunna wunna, they workin' my nerves
i'm about to pour up some syrup
fucking this bitch like a perv'
smack from the back, grab her perm
ice, the berg, uh, shittin' on all you lil' turds
can't take that dick, wait your turn
in my own lane, we can't merge
suck with no hands, you can learn
let's see how much you can earn
watch me go big likе the worm
and i ain't smokin' no sherm
i'm in this bitch with p liity
qp, qp-ski
all of my bitches is prеtty, they showin' they titties, it's up to the ceilin'
i let her run through a million, i rock with her really, let's fuck on a billion
i'ma get down to the gritty, then fuck up the city, the home of the villains
ecstasy, wonderful feelin'
smoke out the pound when i'm chillin'
trappin', i made me a killin'
look, i got everybody wishin'
i hope you play your position
i don't want nobody listenin'
i see the ho with precision
get rich my only decision
fuck you mean?
young gunna wunna back, callin' me splurge
watch me jump right off the curb
bentley spur fly like a bird
spin on the first and the third
solid, i'm keepin' my word
can't be my equal, i don't know what you heard
crank up the foreign, i swerve
keep me a stick if they purge
fuck you mean?
fuck you mean?
yeah
yeah

--- Lil Uzi Vert - Just Wanna Rock ---
ah, ah, ah, ah
ah, ah, ah
i just wanna rock
body-ody, yeah (shake it down)
damn
damn
(mc, make another hit) woah
this ain't what you want (project-project x)
this ain’t what you want
this ain't what you want
ha, 1600 block, i just wanna rock (shake it down)
i just wanna, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah
i just wanna rock, body-ody, yeah (shake it down)
shawty got that body-ody, ah, ah, ah (shake it down)
hit it once, no ties (shake it-shake it)
how the fuck you gon' kill my vibe? (shake it down)
stand on my money, don’t know my size (shake it-shake it)
pick them sides, and you better choose wisely (shake it-shake it down-down)
that's my high, one, two, three, four, throw up the five  (shake it-shake it)
that's my high
damn
damn (one, two, three, four, throw up the five)
(mc, make another hit) woah
this ain't what you want (project-project x)
this ain't what you want
this ain't what you want
buh, buh, buh, buh (down, down)
buh, buh, buh, buh (down, down)
buh, buh, buh, buh (down, down)
buh, buh, buh, buh (down, shake it down)
buh, buh, buh, buh (down, down)
buh, buh, buh, buh (down, down)
buh, buh, buh, buh (down, down)
buh, buh, buh, damn (down, shake it down)
(shake it down-down)
(shake it-shake it down-down)
(shake it down-down)
(shake it-shake it down-down)
(shake it down-down)
(shake it-shake it down-down)
(shake it down-down)
(shake it-shake it-shake it)

--- Ice Spice - Munch (Feelin’ U) ---
grrah
(stop playin' with ’em, riot)
grrah
you thought i was feelin' you? (nah)
that nigga a munch
nigga a eater, he ate it for lunch
bitch, i'm a baddie, i get what i want, like
you thought i was feelin’ you? (nah, thought i was feelin' you?)
that nigga a munch
nigga a eater, he ate it for lunch
bitch, i'm a baddie, i get what i want, like (get what i want, like)
bitches ain't bad, let's keep it a bean
know they be mad that i be on the scene
ass too fat, can't fit in no jeans
you was my stitch, but it's not what it seem
i got that wetty, i'm keepin’ it clean
fuckin’ with niggas that's totin’ a beam (grrah)
sayin' you love me, but what do you mean? (grrah)
pretty as fuck and he like that i'm mean
baddest bitch out, you shittin' me? (shittin’ me)
if you ain't a baddie, can't sit with me (sit with mе)
i swear that these bitchеs my mini-me's (mini-me, grrah, grrah)
he wanna sex, niggas be dreamin'
i'm from the x, niggas be schemin'
i'm on they necks, they is not breathin'
thumbin' a check, blow it in neiman's
you thought i was feelin' you? (nah)
that nigga a munch
nigga a eater, he ate it for lunch
bitch, i'm a baddie i get what i want, like
you thought i was feelin' you? (nah)
that nigga a munch
nigga a eater, he ate it for lunch
bitch, i'm a baddie i get what i want, like (get what i want, like)
bitch, i'm a baddie, i get what i please
you know my body, i do it with ease
he want my body, he tellin' me, "please" (grrah)
i'm walkin' past him, he sniffin' my breeze
he jackin' me, but he not my boo (grrah)
he like the jewelry i wear on my boobs
how can i link you when i got a shoot? (huh?)
don't want your love, i just want the blue (huh?)
grabbin' my ass while i'm doin' my dance
she keep on starin' 'cause shorty a fan (damn)
gotta stick to the plan
he mad as fuck, i won't give him a chance
but still he gon' do what i say (do what i say)
i swear i be stuck in my ways (stuck in my ways)
but still he gon' do what i say (do what i say)
i swear i be stuck in my ways (grrah)
you thought i was feelin' you? (nah)
that nigga a munch
nigga a eater, he ate it for lunch
bitch, i'm a baddie i get what i want, like
you thought i was feelin' you? (nah)
that nigga a munch
nigga a eater, he ate it for lunch
bitch, i'm a baddie i get what i want, like

--- GloRilla - F.N.F. (Let’s Go) ---
(hitkidd, what it do, man ?)
glorilla
let's go
woo, woo, hey
on gang
i'm f-r-e-e, fuck nigga free (fuck 'em)
that mean i ain't gotta worry 'bout no fuck nigga cheatin' (woo)
and i'm s-i-n-g-l-e again (yup)
outside hanging out the window with my ratchet-ass friends (let's go)
i'm f-r-e-e, fuck nigga free (fuck 'em)
that mean i ain't gotta worry 'bout no fuck nigga cheatin' (woo)
and i'm s-i-n-g-l-e again (yup)
outside hanging out the window with my ratchet-ass friends (let's go)
like let's go (go, go, go, go)
let's go (go, go, go, go)
let's go (go, go, go, go)
let's go (go, go, go, go)
bitch, i'm g to the l to the o, big glo ('rilla)
you can catch me out in traffic tinted, slidin' with your ho (skrrt)
i ain't poppin' out at parties, gotta book me for a show (give me that)
he say, "y'all be living fast," nah, pussy boy, you slow (stupid ass)
ayy, we hoppin' out in red lights (go), twerkin' on them headlights (go)
she say she can't come outside today, that mean she scared, right? (huh?)
i be put up in the winter, in the summer, pop out every night (on gang)
braggin' on that nigga top, you better hold his head tight (better watch him)
anyways, life's great, pussy still good (but they knew that)
still eatin' cake, wishin' that a bitch would (bet they won't)
got my foot up on they necks as a bitch should (watch me plot, let's go)
on gang
i'm f-r-e-e, fuck nigga free (fuck 'em)
that mean i ain't gotta worry 'bout no fuck nigga cheatin' (woo)
and i'm s-i-n-g-l-e again (yup)
outside hanging out the window with my ratchet-ass friends (let's go)
i'm f-r-e-e, fuck nigga free (fuck 'em)
that mean i ain't gotta worry 'bout no fuck nigga cheatin' (woo)
and i'm s-i-n-g-l-e again (yup)
outside hanging out the window with my ratchet-ass friends (let's go)
like let's go (at the red light twerkin' on them headlights)
let's go (at the red light twerkin' on them headlights)
let's go (at the red light twerkin' on them headlights)
let's go (at the— on the gang)

--- Latto - Big Energy ---
got that real big energy (uh-huh)
got that big, big energy (energy)
hey, daddy
when you gon' stop playin'? (yeah)
bad bitch, i could be your fantasy (yeah)
i can tell you got big dick energy (uh-huh)
it ain't too many niggas that can handle me (yeah)
but i might let you try it off the hennessy (uh)
make 'em sing to this pussy like a melody (make 'em sang)
and if your bitch ain't right, i got the remedy (ooh)
it ain't too many niggas that can handle me (ayy)
bad bitch, i could be your fantasy (ayy, ayy)
tell me how you want it (huh?)
three, two, one and i'm on it (on it)
feel good, don't it? (don't it?)
hood bitch, fuck you in a bonnet (yeah)
i'ma bust it on a pole like onyx (ooh)
i'm just bein' honest (uh-huh)
pussy juicy, minutе maid (oh)
but can't do it one minute, man (hell no)
not a sidе or a main
i'm the only bitch he entertain (yeah)
spendin' his, mine in the bank (in the bank)
i like what i see (yeah)
a boss like you need a boss like me (uh-huh)
daddy from the street, so he move lowkey
tryna rock that mic' like karaoke (oh)
on the count of three, bad bitches get money (money)
broke niggas to the left, we don't want it (we don't want)
i'm the one these bitches hate but they can't get past (uh-huh)
pretty face, no waist, and a big ol' ass, ha
bad bitch, i could be your fantasy (yeah)
i can tell you got big dick energy (uh-huh)
it ain't too many niggas that can handle me (yeah)
but i might let you try it off the hennessy (uh)
make 'em sing to this pussy like a melody (make 'em sang)
and if your bitch ain't right, i got the remedy (ooh)
it ain't too many niggas that can handle me (ayy)
bad bitch, i could be your fantasy (ayy, ayy)
got that real big energy
got that big, big energy (big dick energy)
got that real big energy
got that big, big energy (big dick energy)
yuh, tell me how you want it (want it)
three, two, one, camera rollin' (ooh)
do it slow motion (uh-huh)
real bitch, them other hoes phony (uh)
all that big talk, latto put 'em on it (latto)
i'm just bein' honest (yeah)
lingerie dolce (ha)
blindfold (yeah), tie me to the bed (yeah), while we roleplay (yeah)
can't skip foreplay, kill the pussy cold case (uh-huh)
i'm a boss bitch, but tonight, we do it your way
on the count of three, bad bitches get money (get money)
broke niggas to the left, we don't want it (hell nah)
if you ever see me broke, i'm probably rockin' a cast
pretty face, no waist with a big ol' bag, ha
bad bitch, i could be your fantasy (yeah)
i can tell you got big dick energy (uh-huh)
it ain't too many niggas that can handle me (yeah)
but i might let you try it off the hennessy (uh)
make 'em sing to this pussy like a melody (make 'em sang)
and if your bitch ain't right, i got the remedy (ooh)
it ain't too many niggas that can handle me (ayy)
bad bitch, i could be your fantasy (ayy, ayy)
got that real big energy
got that big, big energy (big dick energy)
got that real big energy
got that big, big energy (big dick energy)

--- Coi Leray - Players ---
yeah, 'cause girls is players too
uh, yeah, yeah, 'cause girls is players too (keep it player, baby)
'cause girls is players too
bitches gettin' money all around the world 'cause girls is players too
what you know about livin' on the top?
penthouse suites, lookin' down on the opps
took him for a test drive, left him on the lot
time is money, so i spent it on a watch
hold on, lil' titties showin' through the white tee
you can see the thong bustin' out my tight jeans (okay)
rocks on my fingers like a nigga wifed me
got another shorty? she ain't nothin' like me
yeah, 'bout to catch another flight
yeah, the apple bottom make him wanna bite
yeah, i just wanna have a good night
i just wanna have a good night
hold up, if you don't know, now you know
if he broke, then you gotta let him go
you could have anybody, eeny, miny, moe
'cause when you a boss, you could do what you want
yeah, 'cause girls is players too
uh, yeah, yeah, 'cause girls is players too (keep it player, baby)
'cause girls is players too
bitches gettin' money all around the world 'cause girls is players too
i go on and on and on again
he blowin' up my phone, but i'm ignorin' him
he thinkin' he the one, i got like four of him
yeah, i'm sittin' first class like valedictorian
uh, came a long way from rag to riches
five-star bitch, yeah, i taste so delicious
let him lick the plate, yeah, i make him do the dishes
now he on news 12 'cause a bitch went missin', sheesh
yeah, 'bout to catch another flight
yeah, the apple bottom make him wanna bite
yeah, i just wanna have a good night
i just wanna have a good night
hold up, if you don't know, now you know
if he broke, then you gotta let him go
you could have anybody, eeny, miny, moe
'cause when you a boss, you could do what you want
yeah, 'cause girls is players too
uh (and it's time that we let 'em know that—), girls is players too (keep it player, baby)
'cause girls is players too
bitches gettin' money all around the world 'cause girls is players too

--- Bia - WHOLE LOTTA MONEY ---
it's a whole lotta money in this motherfucker (bia, bia)
it's a whole lotta money in this motherfucker (yeah)
ain't gon' keep me 'round no broke shit, that broke shit get old
ain't gon' keep me 'round no ho shit, these hoes get too bold
i'm allergic to that no shit, my wrist game on cold
i might paint my coupe white just to match with my toes, yeah
i can't wear the shit you bitches wear because it's cheap to me
it's some money at my table, grab a seat with me
cost a ticket just to cover all my legal fees
i don't hang with jealous bitches, that's a wеak disease
ho, don't run up (ho, don't run up)
if you broke and in my businеss, then just shut up (shh)
i invested in my body, bitch, i'm done up (bitch, i'm done up)
i look good, i like to fuck him when the sun up
uh (uh)
i put on my jewelry just to go to the bodega (uh)
and i keep it with me just so that i'm feeling safer
fendi on my body, but my feet is in bottega
bitch, i'm gettin' money, give a fuck about a hater
it's a whole lotta money in this motherfucker
it's a whole lotta money in this motherfucker
ain't gon' keep me 'round no broke shit, that broke shit get old
ain't gon' keep me 'round no ho shit, these hoes get too bold
i'm allergic to that no shit, my wrist game on cold
i might paint my coupe white just to match with my toes
white on white bentley, trunk got the engine
ho tryna get near me, bitch, stay up outta my mentions
birkin bag, got plenty, twenty racks in fendi
ain't got time for these messy hoes in my business, i ain't with it
got right now, not next, need m's on all of my checks
don't worry 'bout who i text, just know it ain't my ex
lotta rich niggas in here, no bitch niggas in here
when the pack landed and the check clear then this what you hear
uh
i put on my jewelry just to go to the bodega (uh)
and i keep it with me just so that i'm feeling safer
fendi on my body, but my feet is in bottega
bitch, i'm gettin' money, give a fuck about a hater
it's a whole lotta money in this motherfucker
it's a whole lotta money in this motherfucker
ain't gon' keep me 'round no broke shit, that broke shit get old
ain't gon' keep me 'round no ho shit, these hoes get too bold
i'm allergic to that no shit, my wrist game on cold
i might paint my coupe white just to match with my toes
bia, bia

--- Saweetie - My Type ---
hennessy on my lips, take a little sip
privacy on the door, i'ma make the shit grip
rich nigga, eight-figure, that's my type
that's my type, nigga, that's my type
eight-inch big, ooh, that's good pipe
bad bitch, i'ma ride the dick all night
rich nigga, eight-figure, that's my type
that's my type, nigga, that's my type
eight-inch big, ooh, that's good pipe
that's my type, nigga, that's my type
new wrist, new whip, ride around dipped
i can see why all these basic hoes pissed
bust down wrist, not a bust down bitch (ah)
said i want your man, no the fuck i don't, sis (uh, uh)
if he a rich nigga, why he still hitting licks? (licks)
nigga spending bread but he still can't hit
bitch please (bitch), lamborghini keys
pussy dripping ice, he get flown out to me
bitch please, i want a man with the bs (yeah)
pussy from the bay, goin' dumb on the d (hahaha)
hennessy on my lips, take a little sip
privacy on the door, i'ma make the shit grip
rich nigga, eight-figure, that's my type
that's my type, nigga, that's my type
eight-inch big, ooh, that's good pipe
bad bitch, i'ma ride the dick all night
rich nigga, eight-figure, that's my type
that's my type, nigga, that's my type
eight-inch big, ooh, that's good pipe
that's my type, nigga, that's my type
new wrist, new whip, ride around dipped
i can see why all these basic hoes pissed
messy hoes like to pop shit (messy hoes)
you the type that's fuckin' for the rent (you a thot)
all on another nigga dick (on the dick)
hair ain't nothin' with a inch (hahaha)
do it on his face with a thizz (ugh)
i'm a boss tycoon with the shit (what)
run it up (uh), print it up, big bucks (ayy, ayy)
try your luck (uh), none of my bitches been touched
hennessy on my lips, take a little sip
privacy on the door, i'ma make the shit grip
rich nigga, eight-figure, that's my type
that's my type, nigga, that's my type
eight-inch big, ooh, that's good pipe
bad bitch, i'ma ride the dick all night
rich nigga, eight-figure, that's my type
that's my type, nigga, that's my type
eight-inch big, ooh, that's good pipe
that's my type, nigga, that's my type

--- City Girls - Twerk ---
(i want a slim, fine woman with some twerk with her)
throw that, twerk that
(i want a slim, fine woman with some twerk with her)
shake that, bounce that
(i want a slim, fine woman with some twerk with her)
cardi
ayy, ayy, ayy, ayy, ayy, ayy, ayy
(i want a slim, fine woman with some twerk with her)
(action)
do it, baby, stick it, baby
move it, baby, lick it, baby (do it)
suck up on that clit until that pussy got a hickey, baby (bounce)
watch big, coulda bought a range rover (range rover)
chain little, but i spent some change on it (change on it)
nigga mad, i'ma put the gang on him (gang on it)
they'll die 'bout me, they'll bang on him (facts)
and that ass poke out, lil frame on her (ow)
pussy so good he got my name on it (miami)
itty-bitty-pretty, i'm the realest in the city
only fuckin' with the plug, got a nigga worth a billi'
showin' love, only talk about bands when he hit me
chose him, he ain't pick me, and we never doin' quickies
(i want a slim, fine woman with some twerk with her)
work that
(i want a slim, fine woman with some twerk with her)
work that
(i want a slim, fine woman with some twerk with her)
please
(i want a slim, fine woman with some twerk with her)
make 'em dance, twerk
(twerk-twerk-twerk-twerk-twerk-twerk with her)
twerk, twerk
(tw-twerk-twerk-twerk-twerk-twerk-twerk with her)
twerk, twerk
(tw-twerk-twerk-twerk-twerk-twerk-twerk with her)
twerk, twerk
(tw-twerk-twerk-twerk-twerk-twerk with her)
twerk
(turn the lights off!)
look, this sound like cardi took the stage (cardi)
this sound like cardi with the braids (with the braids)
jermaine dupri, baby, money ain't a thing (ain't a thing)
this pussy wild, they should throw it in a cage (grr)
see my lifestyle, precise gal (gal)
i be dripped up and wiped down, uh
i see them hoes lookin' cold, lookin' stiff, uh
thick bitch god's gift to a dick, woo (woo)
drop low, look back, shit fat, shit fat
i just drop-kicked your bag, six pack, six pack
i just jumps on hit charts, impact, impact
stop that chit-chat, get smacked, bitch better relax
(i want a slim, fine woman with some twerk with her)
work that
(i want a slim, fine woman with some twerk with her)
work that
(i want a slim, fine woman with some twerk with her)
please
(i want a slim, fine woman with some twerk with her)
make 'em dance, twerk
(twerk-twerk-twerk-twerk-twerk-twerk with her)
twerk, twerk
(tw-twerk-twerk-twerk-twerk-twerk-twerk with her)
twerk, twerk
(tw-twerk-twerk-twerk-twerk-twerk-twerk with her)
twerk, twerk
(tw-twerk-twerk-twerk-twerk-twerk with her)
twerk
(turn the lights off!)
yeah, i see you show that, but is you gon' throw that?
if you don't let me hold that, you know where the door at (bye)
lil flexin' ass nigga, what is that shit? (what the fuck is that?)
must have me confused for a rap bitch (hol' up)
too rude for a soft nigga, need a boss nigga
floss nigga who don't give a fuck what it cost, nigga (boss)
i could buy my own, but i'd rather spend y'all's, niggas
tell them pussy-ass hoes i don't want y'all niggas
got a penthouse up in the mandarin (ow)
so when you get this pussy, better handle it (catch it)
i'm a top-notch bitch, need some top-notch dick
smooth like a g5 when you landing it
(i want a slim, fine woman with some twerk with her)
work that
(i want a slim, fine woman with some twerk with her)
work that
(i want a slim, fine woman with some twerk with her)
please
(i want a slim, fine woman with some twerk with her)
make 'em dance, twerk
(twerk-twerk-twerk-twerk-twerk-twerk with her)
twerk, twerk
(tw-twerk-twerk-twerk-twerk-twerk-twerk with her)
twerk, twerk
(tw-twerk-twerk-twerk-twerk-twerk-twerk with her)
twerk, twerk
(tw-twerk-twerk-twerk-twerk-twerk with her)
twerk
(turn the lights off!)

--- Megan Thee Stallion - Cash Shit ---
real hot girl shit
yeah, i'm in my bag, but i'm in his too
and that's why every time you see me, i got some new shoes
ah, mwah, ayy, look
lil ju made this beat
bitch, i'm a star, got these niggas wishin'
he say he hungry, this pussy the kitchen
yeah, that's my dawg, he gon' sit down and listen
call him a trick and he don't get off', hold up
bitch, i'm a star, got these niggas wishin'
he say he hungry, this pussy the kitchen
yeah, that's my dawg, he gon' sit down and listen
call him a trick and he don't get offended
he know he giving his money to megan
he know it's very expensive to date me
told him go put my name on that account
because when i need money, i ain't tryna, hold up
he know he giving his money to megan
he know it's very expensive to date me
told him go put my name on that account
because when i need money, i ain't tryna wait
i can't be fucked with, no
ho, you can't touch this, ayy
bitch, i do rich shit, huh
my money thick thick, ayy
walk with a limp, limp, huh
i'm on some pimp shit, ayy
he say, "you all about money," yeah
i'm on that cash shit, huh
i'm in my bag, bitch, huh
i'm on your ass, bitch, huh
i'm in that new new shit
you on that last year, huh
bitch, i do pimp shit, huh
ho, you on simp shit, ayy
he say, "you all about money," yeah
i'm on that cash shit, ah
you know why these bitches love me? (why?)
'cause baby don't give a fuck (what you do?)
i be fixin' her weave while she suckin' my dick
pull it out, then i tittyfuck (uh, uh)
i fuck her from the back and she nasty, killin' her
know how i give it up (yeah, yeah)
i be cool on 'em, bitch, ain't no pressure (uh-uh)
'til i met this lil' freak, her name megan (ooh)
this lil' thing here a stallion, look how she walk
look how she talk, she sexy (mwah)
i like when they pretty and ghetto (uh-huh)
type of bitch that don't even say hello (yeah, yeah)
and whenever we fuck, she be fuckin' me back
put her in the headlock with my elbow (mmh)
now she done reversed it
got up on the dick and ride the shit like a camaro, uh
i can't be fucked with, no
ho, you can't touch this, ayy
bitch, i do rich shit, huh
my money thick thick, ayy
walk with a limp, limp, huh
i'm on some pimp shit, ayy
he say, "you all about money," yeah
i'm on that cash shit, huh
i'm in my bag, bitch, huh
i'm on your ass, bitch, huh
i'm in that new new shit
you on that last year, huh
bitch, i do pimp shit, huh
ho, you on simp shit, ayy
he say, "you all about money," yeah
i'm on that cash shit, ah (hey, hey, look)
i don't be stressin' 'bout none of these niggas
when they be talkin', i don't even listen
tellin' me secrets, i probably forget it
but i'ma tune in when he say he gon' lick it
he told 'em send me a pic 'cause he miss me
i told him send me a stack if he really
i don't be trusting these tricks 'cause they tricky
send him a pic of somebody else titties
i'm a finesser and i'm a fly dresser
move to the top floor and flew in my dresser
my bitches hustle, make money together
your bitches birds and they flockin' together
i can't decide if i want the new louis
dapper dan yellow, i'm always in gucci
your mama don't bring your dad to the mall
'cause when he be in there she know he be choosin'
i can't be fucked with, no
ho, you can't touch this, ayy
bitch, i do rich shit, huh
my money thick thick, ayy
walk with a limp, limp, huh
i'm on some pimp shit, ayy
he say, "you all about money," yeah
i'm on that cash shit, huh
i'm in my bag, bitch, huh
i'm on your ass, bitch, huh
i'm in that new new shit
you on that last year, huh
bitch, i do pimp shit, huh
ho, you on simp shit, ayy
he say, "you all about money," yeah
i'm on that cash shit, ah

--- Doja Cat - Rules ---
said play with my pussy, but don't play with my emotions (emotions)
if you spend some money, then maybe i just might fuck ya (fuck ya)
when i shake that ass, i'ma do that shit in slow motion (motion)
you got a whole lotta cash, and nigga, you know i want it (want it)
play with my pussy, but don't play with my emotions (emotions, yeah)
if you spend some money, then maybe i just might fuck ya (fuck ya, yeah, yeah)
when i shake that ass, i'ma do that shit in slow motion (motion, slow motion, yeah)
you got a whole lotta cash, and nigga, you know i want it (want it, you know i want it)
break some bread up, nigga, that butter my biscuit (ha)
you ain't talk money, then really, that's none of my business (that's none of my biz)
i don't even need these lenses (yeah)
20 on 20 my vision (woo)
bad yellow bitch with her eye on the prize
but nigga, i ain't no minion (yeah, yeah)
millions, thousands, billions (trillions)
bobs on me like dylan, blondes on me like hilton
wendys on me like williams, shouting, digging
look at me like i'm alien, bitch, i'm fucking reptilian
bitch, bitch, aw
all y'all bitches was wrong
talkin' 'bout i fell off
you ain't even get on
bitch, bitch, yaw
all y'all bitches is precious
wait, i meant to say jealous
all y'all bitches is jealous
bitch, bitch
said play with my pussy, but don't play with my emotions (emotions)
if you spend some money then maybe i just might fuck ya (fuck ya)
when i shake that ass, i'ma do that shit in slow motion (motion)
you got a whole lotta cash, and nigga, you know i want it (want it)
play with my pussy, but don't play with my emotions (emotions, yeah)
if you spend some money, then maybe i just might fuck ya (fuck ya, yeah, yeah)
when i shake that ass, i'ma do that shit in slow motion (motion, slow motion, yeah)
you got a whole lotta cash, and nigga, you know i want it (want it, you know i want it)
(and now you playin' with my emotions)
nigga, don't do it, you blew it
you tryna cast spells on a bitch with potions
nigga, i need devotion
(leaving you with that lotion)
telling me this and that, the third
that shit for the birds, i'm ghosting
if you don't dive in that pussy like dolphins
if he don't dive in that pussy like oceans
twins look identically like olsens
nigga, don't hide from the pussy, be open
nigga wan' spy on the pussy like austin
do i make you horny, baby?
that's my ego that you stroking
nigga, don't laugh 'cause the pussy ain't joking
nigga, go splash when the pussy be soakin' (yeah)
where that nigga who don't play mind games at?
you got a fake gold chain on, change that
tryna spit game while i'm on my way out, late ass
where that nigga, man? where he at? where he at?
said play with my pussy, but don't play with my emotions (emotions)
if you spend some money, then maybe i just might fuck ya (fuck ya)
when i shake that ass, i'ma do that shit in slow motion (motion)
you got a whole lotta cash, and nigga, you know i want it (want it)
play with my pussy, but don't play with my emotions (emotions, yeah)
if you spend some money, then maybe i just might fuck ya (fuck ya, yeah, yeah)
when i shake that ass, i'ma do that shit in slow motion (motion, slow motion, yeah)
you got a whole lotta cash, and nigga, you know i want it (want it, you know i want it)

--- Tierra Whack - Hungry Hippo ---
he likes my diamonds and my pearls
i said, "thank you, i designed it"
not your average girl
he needed swag and i provided
'vided, open up and bite it
bite it, open up and bite it
bite it, open up and bite it
bite it, shut up, boy, bite it
he don’t know no better, yeah
heard he got that cheddar, yeah
now that boy with me
he gon' spend it better, yeah
put him on that alyx
gucci on his wallet
rick owens on me
they think i'm his stylist
bite it
he likes my diamonds and my pearls
i said, "thank you, i designed it"
not your average girl

--- Leikeli47 - Money ---
uh
chillin', layin' in the cut though
easy, tryin' see what up though
brooklyn, home of the cutthroats
notorious, y'all know how the rest go
sleepin', one eye open
too smart 'cause i'm always scopin'
watchin', seein' how these lames look
lazy, that's how you get your frame took
money, i got money
money, i got money
talkin', always talkin'
that's your problem, you always talkin'
rock star mixed with a ghetto chick
try me? i wish a nigga would, bitch
chola, who gon' hold us? (la-la-la-la-la-la-la-la)
not the cemetery, or the penitentiary
damn my contemporaries, i'm too legendary
it's so money, i got money (ooh)
money, i got money (ooh)
i'm money, i got money (ooh)
money, i got money (ooh)
all my life, i had to grind and hustle
i had to work like kobe just to shine like russell (ooh)
they say, "glad you made it, it happened over night" (ooh)
they said, "damn, you changed," i'm like, "show you right"
nigga, i been in the crib, tryna find the bpm
rehearsin' for the next show in my kitchen
fresh off a tour but can't tell ya where i been
maybe after twenty years, i'll start to take it in
right now, i'm chasin' yen in dover street again
i'm introverted, i'm not open to new friends
but if you're real cute, then i have to think again
shop the runway, so you can stay off-trend and look like
money
money
money, i got money (ooh)
money, i got money (ooh)
all my life, i had to grind and hustle (ooh)
i had to work like kobe just to shine like russell (ooh)
they say, "glad you made it, it happened over night" (ooh)
they say, "damn, you changed," i'm like, "show you right"
nigga, i got money, i got money (ooh)
money, i got money (ooh)
i'm money, i got money (ooh)
money, i got money (ooh)

--- Princess Nokia - G.O.A.T. ---
hate to burst your bubble, bitch
i'm that weird girl that's runnin' shit
i'm a boss bitch runnin' big shit
got a company, need a couple mil'
ain't no rap talk, this my real life
and that's on god, i almost died twice
so i go 'head, and i get mine
and i cash checks, and i get fly
pelle pelle with the bb belt
skinny jeans and a studded belt
i've been fly, never needed help
i been me, ain't nobody else
skinny jeans and a pair of vans
pants sag 'til they hit my ass
lit, lit, i'ma do my dance
like a raver bitch goin' in a trance
avril, i'm a sk8er boi
anime and a lot of tours
myspace, made a lot of noise
that's middle school and i'm actin' coy
back of the class, they sending my ass
roll up my skirt and they think that i'm fast
i got no ass and i got no titties
but all of your dudes, they hit me to hit me
hold up a minute
you know i ain't did it
that is your man
and that ain't my business
so come for me different
you can make fun of me
but my bank account statement is somethin'
is somethin', is somethin' to see
i've been down with the shits
the rap shit, i do it, you bet
i ain't the best
but, damn, i'm the best
you might get hit
or you might get checked
so don't disrespect
or it will be hit for the neck
this shit is the illest
this that scream 3, finna kill shit
i'm a rap boo and a misfit
and i throw 'bows in the moshpit
i bump bump that gangsta boo
that loco, that la chat
i respect that trill shit
and them ogs that really rap
i'm already back with some new shit
you dionne and i'm clueless
i got my own movement
i do this, i move shit
i change rap forever, man
it's me who had the biggest plan
ain't no average bitch, i've been the man
i've been the g.o.a.t, eatin' off the land
it's me who took the weirdo shit
to another level, and i'm killin' it
they ain't want me, that's beginnin' -ish
now i'm too hot and they suck my dick

--- Azealia Banks - 212 ---
hey, i can be the answer
i'm ready to dance when the vamp up
and when i hit that dip, get your camera
you could see i been that bitch since the pamper
and that i am that young sis the beacon
the bitch who wants to compete and
i can freak a fit that pump with the peep and
you know what your bitch become when her weave in
i just wanna sip that punch with your peeps and
sit in that lunch if you're treatin'
kick it with your bitch who come from parisian
she know where i get mine from, and the season
now she wanna lick my plum in the evenin'
and fit that tongue-tongue d-deep in
i guess that cunt gettin' eaten
i guess that cunt gettin' eaten
(i guess that cunt gettin' eaten)
(i guess that cunt gettin' eaten)
(i guess that cunt—)
i was in the 212, on the uptown a
nigga, you know what's up, or don't you?
word to who made ya
i'm a rude bitch nigga, what are you made up of?
i'ma eat your food up, boo
i could bust your eight, i'ma do one too
fuck you gon' do when you do make bucks?
i'ma look right, nigga, bet you do want to fuck
fuck him like you do want to cum
you're gay to get discovered in my 2-1 deuce
cock-a-lickin' in the water by the blue bayou
caught the warm goo in your du-rag too, son?
nigga, you're a kool-aid dude
plus your bitch might lick it, wonder who let you come to 1-2
with your doo-doo crew, son
fuck are you into, huh?
niggas better ooh-run-run
you could get shot, homie, if you do want to put your guns up
tell your crew don't front
i'm a hoodlum nigga, you know you were too once
bitch, i'm 'bout to blew up too
i'm the one today, i'm the new shit, boo, yung rapunzel
who are you, bitch? new lunch?
i'ma ruin you, cunt
(i'ma ruin you, cunt)
(i'ma ruin you, cunt)
(i'ma ruin you, cunt)
ayo, ayo
i heard you ridin' with the same tall, tall tale (tall)
tellin' 'em you made some (made some)
sayin' you grindin', but you ain't goin' nowhere (nowhere)
why you procrastinatin', girl? (—natin', girl?)
you got a lot, but you just waste all yours and
they'll forget your name soon (name soon)
and won't nobody be to blame but yourself, yeah
what you gon' do when i appear?
w-w-when i premiere?
bitch, the end of your lives are near
this shit been mine, mine
what you gon' do when i appear?
w-w-when i premiere?
bitch, the end of your lives are near
this shit been mine, mine
bitch, i'm in the 212
with the fif cocked, nigga, it's the 2-1 zoo
fuck you gon' do when your goon sprayed up?
bet his bitch won't get him, betcha you won't do much
see, even if you do want to bust
your bitch'll get you cut and touch your crew up too, pop
you playing with your butter like your boo won't true
cock the gun, too, where you do eat poom, hun
i'm fuckin' with your cutie q
what's your dick like, homie? what are you into?
what's the run, dude? where do you wake up?
tell your bitch keep hatin', i'm the new one two, huh?
see, i remember you when you were
the young new face, but you do like to slumber, don't you?
now your boo up too, hun
i'ma ruin you, cunt
what you gon' do when i appear? (i'ma ruin you, cunt)
w-w-when i premiere? (i'ma ruin you, cunt)
bitch, the end of your lives are near
this shit been mine, mine
what you gon' do when i appear?
w-w-when i premiere?
bitch, the end of your lives are near
this shit been mine, mine
this shit been mine, mine
this shit been mine, mine

--- M.I.A. - Paper Planes ---
i fly like paper, get high like planes
if you catch me at the border, i got visas in my name
if you come around here, i make 'em all day
i get one done in a second if you wait
i fly like paper, get high like planes
if you catch me at the border, i got visas in my name
if you come around here, i make 'em all day
i get one done in a second if you wait
sometimes i think sittin' on trains
every stop i get to i'm clocking that game
everyone's a winner, we're making our fame
bona fide hustler making my name
sometimes i think sittin' on trains
every stop i get to i'm clocking that game
everyone's a winner, we're making our fame
bona fide hustler making my name
'cause all i wanna do is—, and a—
and take your money
all i wanna do is—, and a—
and take your money
all i wanna do is—, and a—
and take your money
all i wanna do is—, and a—
and take your money
pirate skulls and bones
sticks and stones and weed and bongs
running when we hit 'em
lethal poison for the system
pirate skulls and bones
sticks and stones and weed and bongs
running when we hit 'em
lethal poison for the system
no one on the corner has swagger like us
hit me on my burner prepaid wireless
we pack and deliver like ups trucks
already going hard, just pumping that gas
no one on the corner has swagger like us
hit me on my burner prepaid wireless
we pack and deliver like ups trucks
already going hard, just pumping that gas
'cause all i wanna do is—, and a—
and take your money
all i wanna do is—, and a—
and take your money
all i wanna do is—, and a—
and take your money
all i wanna do is—, and a—
and take your money
m.i.a, third world democracy
yeah, i've got more records than the kgb
so, uh, no funny business (are you ready all?)
some some some i some i murder
some i some i let go
some some some i some i murder
some i some i let go
all i wanna do is—, and a—
and take your money
all i wanna do is—, and a—
and take your money
all i wanna do is—, and a—
and take your money
all i wanna do is—, and a—
and take your money

--- Wiley - Wearing My Rolex ---
what would we do?
usually drink, usually dance, usually bubble
all i want to do is tell you i love you
that's when i start promising the world
to a brand new girl i don't even know yet
next thing she's wearing my rolex
what would we do?
usually drink, usually dance, usually bubble
all i want to do is tell you i love you
all i want to do is tell you i love you
that's when i start promising the world
to a brand new girl i don't even know yet
next thing she's wearing my rolex
too much champs don't know where my phone is
here's my number, she already knows it
this chapter's a lot, better close it
just the look in her eye was so evil
wiley's a party guy and she knows it
what would we do?
usually drink, usually dance, usually bubble
all i want to do is tell you i love you
that's when i start promising the world
to a brand new girl i don't even know yet
next thing she's wearing my rolex
what would we do?
usually drink, usually dance, usually bubble
all i want to do is tell you i love you
all i want to do is tell you i love you
that's when i start promising the world
to a brand new girl i don't even know yet
next thing she's wearing my rolex
what would we do?
what would we do?
all i want to do
is tell you i love you
that's when i start promising the world
to a brand new girl i don't even know yet
next thing she's wearing my rolex
too much champs don't know where my phone is
here's my number, she already knows it
this chapter's a lot, better close it
just the look in her eye was so evil
wiley's a party guy and she knows it
what would we do?
usually drink, usually dance, usually bubble
all i want to do is tell you i love you
that's when i start promising the world
to a brand new girl i don't even know yet
next thing she's wearing my rolex

--- Chip - Diamond Rings ---
i rhyme rhyme, that's why i shine shine
and you can roll anyone of my shows
no lights in my bag no eye sight
i gotta keep on rhyming man
so i keep on shining man
i ain't gonna be a one hit wonder
i am forever, call me diamond man
i've been talkin' 'bout my new diamond rings
because my new diamond rings they're the shit
oh oh oh you've been talkin' 'bout my new diamond rings
because my new diamond rings
they're what's in
and if you're looking at me
you gon' be looking at them
cause there the swagger that you see in my walk
and if you're listening to me
you gon' be listening to them
cause they're the slick that you hear in my talk
hit me one screen, west end
(flawless) shine like i'm a girl's best friend (diamonds)
girls see me and scream cause i'm on the tv
but i still take walks in my ends
14 when i entered the game
all i wanted was a little bit of fame (just a bit)
and now i'm fuckin with the grown-ups
go mad like shit i forgot my age
oh chipmunk you're so cute
i'mma call you the diamond yute
and my rings got so many carats
and you usually call this rabbit food
and the sales is custom made
no water involved, i pay
good lord i remember the days
i pray for roland cartier
eh uh see i'm such a classy guy (yeah i know)
designer shades hide my eyes
i know lord, with a face like mine
how the hell could i be camera shy
i make it look easy man
but that don't mean it's easy man (no it ain't)
got my middle finger up to the world
with a ring on the thing cause i froze my hand
yeah in that position, right back clear your position
i'm everything you're not, you work i'm the boss
i reverent run this man
i could turn your house into mine
and i could turn your girl into mine (one time)
i'mma stay in my grind you could be in my life
and never let a nigga take my shine

--- Tinchy Stryder - Number 1 ---
oh-oh-oh-oh
oh-oh-oh-oh
oh-oh-oh-oh
oh-oh-oh-oh (na na nai)
oh-oh-oh-oh
oh-oh-oh-oh (tinchy stryder)
oh-oh-oh-oh (n-dubz)
oh-oh-oh-oh (yo)
it was nothin' but a quick thing
kid's games, kiss chase, just a quick fling
now i'm hopin' you never go missin'
now i'm tellin' you, you can hold this ring, watch how it glistens
thought it would be done as quick as the wind blows
didn't think i would ever be involved
so i even wrote a song called "don't go"
now it's just you and me on a love road
we done it like d-low, us two tiptoe, duck, dive, get low
and now i care less about who knows
now we're deep in, way past intros
dappy, explain though
see never did i think a boy like me would be in need
when all i really wanted was to have some fun
now i'm losing my head, i'm telling you one thing (oh-oh)
you're number one
see, i don't understand how you're number one
when it was just a fling before, now, you're the one
see, all i did was blink twice
from my homie to my only, number one (oh-oh)
oh-oh-oh-oh
oh-oh-oh-oh
oh-oh-oh-oh
oh-oh-oh-oh
yo, it was all now, never planned no after
it was like games, jokes, laughter
live for the moment, left it all open
now i’m in deep, flames, lava, breathe, calmer
and now i’m statin'
see, i never saw this in my daydream
it's really you that i’m fully ratin'
and the day's here, no more waitin'
played it all wise 'cause a smart man raised him
i was all hurt, pain, achin'
on the wrong path, then a good girl saved him
that’s why i'm lettin' her know she’s amazin'
see never did i think a boy like me would be in need
when all i really wanted was to have some fun
now i'm losing my head, i'm telling you one thing (oh-oh)
you're number one
see, i don't understand how you're number one
when it was just a fling before, now, you're the one
see, all i did was blink twice
from my homie to my only, number one (oh-oh)
you lift me off the ground
i always want you around
i ain't gonna let nothing get in the way
i'll never let nothing get in the way (oh-oh-oh-oh)
you lift me off the ground
i always want you around (oh)
i ain't gonna let nothing get in the way
i'll never let nothing get in the way (oh-oh-oh-oh)
yo, i ain't never gonna let nothin' get in the way
you played your cards all right, you're an ace
you make my nights all bright, you're my days
you took me out of the maze, you are number one
see, i don't understand how you're number one
when it was just a fling before, now, you're the one
see, all i did was blink twice
from my homie (from my homie) to my only (to my only)
number one (oh-oh)
you lift me off (off) the (the) ground
i always want you around (oh)
i ain't gonna let nothing get in the way
i'll never let nothing get in the way (oh-oh-oh-oh)
you lift me off (off) the (the) ground
i always want you around (haha)
i ain't gonna let nothing get in the way
i'll never let nothing get in the way
oh-oh-oh-oh
yo, number one in the race, you're a leader
oh-oh-oh-oh
girl, you're out of this world, they can't see ya
oh-oh-oh-oh
oh-oh-oh-oh (na na, na na)
and now you got a place in my heart
oh-oh-oh-oh
it's funny how you actually went
oh-oh-oh-oh
from my homie to my only, number one

--- Tinie Tempah - Pass Out ---
ugh
what happened?
it's okay, i'm good
let's go
yeah, yeah, we bring the stars out
we bring the women and the cars and the cards out
let's have a toast, a celebration, get a glass out
and we can do this until we pass out
so we let it rain
let it pour away (yeah)
and we won't come down
until we hit the ground and pass out (pass out)
yeah, ah, yeah, i'm in charge now
i'm a star and i bought my fuckin' cast out
i live a very, very, very, wild lifestyle
heidi and audrina eat your heart out (oh my gosh)
i used to listen to "you don't wanna bring arms house"
i've got so many clothes, i keep some in my aunt's house
disturbing london, baby, we about to branch out
soon i'll be the king like prince charles' child, yeah
yeah, yeah, and there ain't nobody fresher
semester to semester, raving with the freshers
twenty light bulbs around my table and my dresser
clc kompressor, just in case that don't impress her
say hello to dexter, say hello to uncle fester
got 'em gazin' at my necklace and my crazy sun protectors
g-shocks, i got a crazy dumb collection
haters, i can't fuckin' hear your reception
yeah, yeah, we bring the stars out
we bring the women and the cars and the cards out
let's have a toast, a celebration, get a glass out
and we can do this until we pass out
so we let it rain
let it pour away (yeah)
and we won't come down
until we hit the ground and pass out (pass out)
yeah
shit was meant to last me twenty-four hours, right?
okay, i'm good
yeah, they say hello, they say hola and they say bonjour
i'm pissed i never got to fly on a concorde
i've been southampton but i've never been to scunthorpe
i'm fuckin' crazy with the kicks, call me jean-claude
i'm 'bout to be a bigger star than my mum thought
'cause every day i got a groupie at my front door
now i drive past the bus i used to run for
where's my fuckin' clap, where's my encore?
uh, i walk alone, 'cause i was born alone
i chirps her just for fun, i'll never ever call her phone
i leave her in the club, i'll never ever walk her home
dl the fuckin' foundation, i'm the cornerstone
i'm fairly famous, i'm sorta known
and if your son doesn't, i bet your daughter knows
check out my visual, check out my audio
extraordinary, yo, hope you enjoy the show
yeah, yeah, we bring the stars out
we bring the women and the cars and the cards out
let's have a toast, a celebration, get a glass out
and we can do this until we pass out
so we let it rain
let it pour away (yeah)
and we won't come down
until we hit the ground and pass out (pass out)
woah
woah-oh-oh-oh-oh-oh-oh-oh-oh-oh
woah
woah-oh-oh-oh-oh-oh-oh-oh-oh-oh
(woah)
ah, look at me i've been a cheeky bastard, man
(woah-oh-oh-oh-oh-oh-oh-oh-oh-oh)
and look at all the drama we started
(woah)
now i'm in here, layin' on my back
(woah-oh-oh-oh-oh-oh-oh-oh-oh-oh)
sayin', "dj won't you give me one more track?"
i'll apologise for tonight tomorrow mornin'
i'll apologise for tonight tomorrow mornin'
i'll apologise for tonight tomorrow mornin'
i'll apologise for tonight tomorrow mornin'
so we let it rain
let it pour away
and we won't come down
until we hit the ground and pass out (pass out)
so we let it rain
let it pour away
and we won't come down
until we hit the ground and pass out (pass out)
pass out
pass out
pass out
pass out
pass out

--- Professor Green - I Need You Tonight ---
(hello?)
hello babe, what's happening, you cool?
ah yeah you alright? what's happening?
yeah i'm good, what's goin' on?
yeah, nothing er chillin'
alright, what you up to later?
oh yeah about that, um, dya know what i'm really busy can i call you back?
this ain’t so stereotypical man, not for a stereotypical man
it should be me that wants to get rid of you
instead, it’s you that don’t give a damn (what?)
it was meant to be a one-night ‘ting
nothing more than a little one night fling
now when i’m in need you’re the one i ring i (i need you tonight)
but she’s playing hard to get
brunette with such class she’s hard to forget
see at first i wasn’t after her heart
but i couldn’t stop thinking about her after i left
i’m beginning to lose my cool, it appears in love i have fallen (whoops!)
i’m ready to put my all in and all she does is ignore my calls
she’s everything i want, but all that i don’t need
how can she be so hot, yet be so cold to me
how can it be so wrong, and yet it feels so right
i wish i never, but i need you tonight!
this lady is driving me crazy
she blows hot and cold like the ac
i just can’t figure her out
next time i’m with her i’m pinning her down (oi)
i’m gonna’ figure out if she’s on it or not (not, not)
‘cos all of this shit is long (long, long)
see i front like i’m okay but i’m not
i’m being played at my own game and it’s long (long blud)
i ain’t no idiot (nope), i’m pro, i’m no intermediate
so next time she phones me i’m ain't even gonna pick up the phone to speak, innit?
(ring) nope, swear down
(ring) wait a minute, that’s her now
(hello?)
(i really wanna’ see you today)
alright, just give me a time and a place and i'm there
she’s everything i want, but all that i don’t need
how can she be so hot, yet be so cold to me?
how can it be so wrong, and yet it feels so right
i wish i never, but i need you tonight!
i need you, i need you
i need you, i need you
i need you, i want you
won’t stop until i’ve got you
there’s nothing that i won’t do
i need you tonight
look, i ain’t never been the type to be this (nope)
i ain’t never been the type to be with
she's exposing a side of me that
i’m tryna’ fight, i’m tryna’ hide!
my pride, i’m tryna’ find it
but ain’t seen it, (umm) i’m an eejit
i know i can’t help it, i'm fiending
(i need you tonight)
she’s everything i want, but all that i don’t need
how can she be so hot, yet be so cold to me?
how can it be so wrong, and yet it feels so right
i wish i never, but i need you tonight!
yeah, bad place. this does not happen to me. i am me!
i need you, i need you
i need you, i need you…
i swear down. it's just a song - in real life, this would never happen to me. i am a pimp. women chase me, i do not chase women
i swear down, swear down

--- Plan B - She Said ---
she said "i love you boy i love you so"
she said "i love you baby oh, oh, oh, oh, oh"
she said "i love you more than words could say"
she said "i love you ba-ay-ay-ay-ay-by"
so i said what you're saying girl it can’t be right
how you can you be in love with me
we only just met tonight
but she said "but boy i loved you from the start"
when i first heard love goes down
something started burning in my heart
i said "stop this crazy talk"
"leave right now and close the door" (she said…)
she said "i love you boy i love you so"
she said "i love you baby oh, oh, oh, oh, oh"
she said "i love you more than words could say"
she said "i love you ba-ay-ay-ay-ay-by"
so now i’m up in the courts pleading my case from the witness box
telling the judge and the jury the same thing that i said to the cops
on the day that i got arrested, i’m innocent, i protested
she just feels rejected, had her heart broke by someone she obsessed with
cos she likes the sound of my music
which makes her a fan of my music
that’s why love goes down makes her lose it
'cos she can't separate the man from the music
and i'm saying all this in the stand
while my girl cries tears in the gallery
this has got bigger then i ever could have planned
like that song by the zutons, valerie
but the jury don’t look like they’re buying it
and this is making me nervous
arms crossed, screw faced like i’m trying it
their eyes fixed on me like a murderers
they wanna lock me up and throw away the key
they wanna send me down even though i told 'em she
she said "i love you boy i love you so"
she said "i love you baby oh oh oh oh"
(yes she did)
she said "i love you more than words can say"
she said "i love you ba-ay-ay-ay-ay-by"
so i said "then why the hell you gotta treat me this way?"
you don’t know what love is
you wouldn’t do this if you did
oh no, no, no, no

--- Example - Changed The Way You Kiss Me ---
i've never been afraid of the highest heights
or afraid of flying, now
i've never been afraid of the wildest fights
not afraid of dying
but now i want off this ride, 'cause you're scaring me
and i don't like where we're going
i need a new fun fair, cause you're scaring me
and i don't like where we're going
and now you're gonna miss me
i know you're gonna miss me
i guarantee you'll miss me
'cause you changed the way you kiss me
'cause you changed the way you kiss me
we used to be so, so soulful
al green on the background vocals
teetotal, we're on the next high
we get by with a so-called soulmate
made for each other chit-chat
but that dried up, wise up to the cutting edge facts
now i'm chilling on my jack jones
looking for a way back home
but i can't get back
our love feels wrong, please wind it back
our love feels wrong, can't hide the cracks
i guarantee you'll miss me
'cause you changed the way you kiss me
.
i've never been afraid of the highest heights
or afraid of flying now
i've never been afraid of the wildest fights
not afraid of dying
i need a new fun fair, 'cause you're scaring me
and i don't like where we're going
i guarantee you'll miss me
'cause you changed the way you kiss me
'cause you changed the way you kiss me
our love feels wrong please wind it back
our love feels wrong can't hide the cracks
i guarantee you'll miss me
'cause you changed the way you kiss me
i guarantee you'll miss me
'cause you changed the way you kiss me

--- Giggs - Whippin’ Excursion ---
(beam me up scotty)
whippin' excursion
oh shit, i've gotta pick up that person
in the trap house, whipping that work and
you're not a gangster, you're just an internet version
whippin' that wurzel
you know me, i've got the littlest circle
mrs in the crib, you know i'm keeping that fertile
we don't take pictures, you know i'm keeping that personal
white so clean, you know i'm flipping that persil
soon be the million dollar man, like i'm living with virgil
real shit, this ain't a little rehearsal
big gun like rick, it's like i'm living with hershel
gangster, gangster
i'm with lisa and jackie, grab samantha
little bit of drake and brang that sampha
i'm the darkest, rap black panther
man don't powder, and i doubt man pamper
man are real badman, unnu dat man stand for
i'm in an hsb, i went and bucked one banker
a lot of man play ken, but man ah badman blanka
grab it and swerve it, turn it, grab it and burn it
banging that kermit, you gotta grab it and firm it
banging that german whip, slanging that sherman
if man has to burn then fuck it, i'm grabbing that burner
i just linked up with buck and i'm with alex in berlin
gravity surfing, cavities hurting
man of no mercy, man have been murking
man are just actors, man are rehearsing
and man was all talking
now man are reverting
and now man are converting

--- Mist - Hot Property ---
banglez on the riddim yeah it's fucked (banglez)
gang business (uhh)
another level next step
every riddim that i made is in my head
yeah the cali weed fuckin' up my chest(yeah it's fuckin' up my chest yes)
when i fly have a bevy on the jet
you could never put your foot inna ma creps(put your foot inna ma creps)
i'm out here tryna get bread
fuck a fed you heard what i said (you heard what i said)
i'm out here tryna get bread
fuck a fed you heard what i said (you heard what i said uhh)
wanna hate on a g that's typical
light up my spliff get spiritual
man are getting wavey getting lyrical(woah)
plus i keep talking to a minimal
life can't limit you
i'm far from my pinnacale (woah)
overseas booking with my niggas too (gone)
if i land in a club bring the drillas too (rahh)
that's the big .44 that's spillin you
yeah that will shiver you (boom bang)
it's made how time goes (why's that?)
trapping, stacking, write loads (ah)
these days bare antics
zooby in my mouth, 120 on some banned shit(that's real shit)
came out of jail i never had shit (na)
stepped in the scene like what's happening (whats happening)
bare fakes, bare snakes, bare acting
couple dobbahs of the flake so we yapped him
we ain't the same check the visual (nah)
i'm really on my way and it's visible (ah)
it's mad how the moneys coming digital (woah)
my vision was a plan not a miracale
na it weren't a miracale
i can get difficult
big boy swammie leave you critical (boom bang)
leave a niggas block all political (real shit)
brudda said i couldn't do it, hypocritical
yeah hypocritical
hot like saunas
couple apnas, karlas and gouras (and gouras)
hot like saunas
couple apnas, karlas and gouras (ahh)
hot like saunas
couple apnas, karlas and gouras (gouras)
i'm hot like saunas
couple apnas, karlas and gouras
hate on a g that's typical ehhh
light up my spliff get spiritual ehhh
ehhh oh my god
ehhh oh my god
ehhh oh my god
hate on a g that's typical
ehhh oh my god
ehhh oh my god
light up my spliff get spiritual
ehhh oh my god
ehhh da d dada
m-i-s-to the fucking t
gang buisness
'old tight all my apnas, karlas, gouras all of that yeah? (ahh)
da d da d da da d(ahh)
mmm,mmm
ehhh oh my god
ehhh oh my god
ehhh oh my god
ehhh oh my god
ehhh oh my god

--- MoStack - Fashion Week ---
steel banglez
the elements
shit, shit
look
she smell like yves saint laurent
my garms are from italy, i feel like the don
paris fashion week, i'm watching louis vuitton
saw her favourite rapper, listen, now she feeling my song
but everything she do is for the media
i might duck you for your bredrin, i don't need ya
your exes always tryna follow, i'ma lead ya
her body tight, she looking hot up like a fever
got me looking eager
i only trust girls on days that don't end with a y
don't ask why, you can't ever see trust
catch up, you could never keep up
wrist froze if i ever freeze up
you know say we flex and we sex who we like
you no see the money, man, it's like you turned blind eye
ooh, five bags that's a bad night
ooh, we getting money now she like life
fucked her with the blindfold, she ugly like me
she no say nothin', she just thought i was a freak
you can get a crackin' when i see you on the streets
no lackin' nigga, you don't want beef
you know that they do this for real, mama
you know that they catch and they kill, mama
you know that i'm feeling your style, mama
you know we got it locked for the whole summer
she smell like yves saint laurent (yves saint laurent)
my garms are from italy, i feel like the don (i feel like the don)
paris fashion week, i'm watching louis vuitton (louis vuitton)
saw her favourite rapper, listen, now she feeling my song (she feeling)
but everything she do is for the media (for the media)
i might duck you for your bredrin, i don't need ya (i don't need ya)
your exes always tryna follow, i'ma lead ya (lead ya)
her body tight, she looking hot up like a fever
got me looking eager
remy in my cup got me seeing every peng ting twice
now i'm feeling nice, no mixer, just ice
she said i'm too cold, baby, that's the ice
free my niggas that are scrubs doing deals for the rice
you're taking pics but will you back the beef?
i'm a vip, for real, with these stacks on me
tryna beef with who i love, that's a catastrophe
'cause we all came up out the mud like it's glastonbury
fendi on my belt match my pretty brown miss
and my henny's super rare, that's some expensive brown piss
she said she wants tequila but i ain't about this
i don't really drink patron when i ain't around mist
and i hate makeup, that's your choice though
rest assured, you can't get up in this royce though
i'm up on all of my opps as far as points go
'cause no one's copping what we're copping with this coin flow
she smell like yves saint laurent (yves saint laurent)
my garms are from italy, i feel like the don (i feel like the don)
paris fashion week, i'm watching louis vuitton (louis vuitton)
saw her favourite rapper, listen, now she feeling my song (she feeling)
but everything she do is for the media (for the media)
i might duck you for your bredrin, i don't need ya (i don't need ya)
your exes always tryna follow, i'ma lead ya (lead ya)
her body tight, she looking hot up like a fever
got me looking eager
she smell like yves saint laurent (yves saint laurent)
my garms are from italy, i feel like the don (i feel like the don)
paris fashion week, i'm watching louis vuitton (louis vuitton)
saw her favourite rapper, listen, now she feeling my song (she feeling)
but everything she do is for the media (for the media)
i might duck you for your bredrin, i don't need ya (i don't need ya)
your exes always tryna follow, i'ma lead ya (lead ya)
her body tight, she looking hot up like a fever
got me looking eager
steel banglez
the elements

--- Not3s - Addison Lee Remix ---
i'm feeling her, feeling me
be that guy, i'll be that g
said she wanna roll with a g
because i sang toju mi
man, i'm feeling her, feeling me
be that guy, i'll be that g
i tell her 'come and roll with a g'
peng ting called maddison
i tell her come and jump in my addison lee
peng ting called maddison
i tell her come and jump in my addison lee
'cause there's no time
no time to waste, i got my yard for free
peng ting called maddison
i tell her come and jump in my addison
jump in my addison lee
uh, she want a controller
baby if you're free you can come over
forget addison lee, take the range rover
and if you wanna drive, you can take over
ah yeah
peng ting called shakira
i'm on route, i'ma ring when i'm nearer
mm, she said it feels like magic when i'm patting dat
i call that my pat trick, no viera
excuse my french if i'm being wild
i'm with the dark-skin ting looking bria myles
all she thinks i wanna do is give her d and bounce
(i've never done this before)
i told her leave it out
is it me or the car
man i stepped out smelling like dior sauvage
and if you wanna be a groupie let me know
i can take you backstage, you can meet all the stars
yeah uno my style
peng ting called maddison
i tell her come and jump in my addison lee
peng ting called maddison
i tell her come and jump in my addison lee
'cause there's no time
no time to waste, i got my yard for free
peng ting called maddison
i tell her come and jump in my addison
jump in my addison lee
ay yo, picture me at thirteen, just a likkle baddie
in the playground, talking to this girl called maddie
family kinda broke so she ain't had a phone, told her hit me on the msn, girl take my addy
every other night we just getting kinda pally
had my air max 90's and my boot-cuts baggy
gal used to love me 'cause i was all jammy
man, shit was all hard for my tundeys and addys
ten years later, i'm driving down a avenue, gotta scratch my beard like 'yo is that maddie?'
gyal you look good
belly on flat flight and i see you doing bare squats for your battie
she like 'no one called me maddie now, it's maddison please'
ain't the same girl jumping out of addison lees
i always knew you'd grow up all trappy and greaze
yeah, bitch been in my trap getting cabbage and cheese
no uni', but my life's a movie
my bitch bad and she boujee
chopping out work with your uzi
ay, even though i got the coupe with the specs
girl i'ma send a uber exec'
yeah yeah, you can tell the driver add another fiver
i touch a lot of notes and the smoke get me higher
peng ting called maddison
i tell her come and jump in my addison lee
peng ting called maddison
i tell her come and jump in my addison lee
'cause there's no time
no time to waste, i got my yard for free
peng ting called maddison
i tell her come and jump in my addison
jump in my addison lee
peng ting called maddison
i beg you come and jump in my addison
uh, is that your boyfriend on the phone-line?
oi shit baby, let me have a chat with him, she'll be back in no time
no she can't stay
bro, she'll be on her way
see when i get up inside her
make shit wider
i'll give you so much space
so you're welcome
oh shit you're still panicking
tell him take that embarrassment
uh, oh what, he's talking crud now? wait, who the fuck he think he badder than?
know who was chatting because i ain't in the trap with him
me i grab turners, i ain't into practising
beef can be damaging 'cause 
hit a nigga quick (skrt, skrt) then i'm vanishing
peng ting called maddison
i tell her come and jump in my addison lee
peng ting called maddison
i tell her come and jump in my addison lee
'cause there's no time
no time to waste, i got my yard for free
peng ting called maddison
i tell her come and jump in my addison
jump in my addison lee
are you really tryna know
if i didn't make notes or hit notes
would you still have take note of me

--- Yxng Bane - Rihanna ---
my way
body
my way
body
can i tell you that i’m wanting you?
i’m in love with the way you move
and i think you should have a drink or two
truth is i wanna lie with you, so come my way (my way)
feel like you need somebody (body)
so baby girl come my way (my way)
feel like you need somebody (body)
dip low, watching her dip low
dances on me and now she sip slow
watching you head down to your tip toe
you know i got something for when we get home
get home, now you’re in my zone, in my zone
and we gon’ get going
wood in your frame, it's like window
tear off your garments, we can bin those
i said gimme your love, you know you're bad like rihanna (ayy)
i’ll do you good no wahala (ayy)
but i can’t promise forever, oh nah nah nah
i said gimme your love, you know your bad like rihanna (ayy)
i’ll do you good no wahala (ayy)
but i can’t promise forever, oh nah
can i tell you that i’m wanting you? (yeah)
i’m in love with the way you move
and i think you should have a drink or two (yeah)
truth is i wanna lie with you, so come my way (my way)
feel like you need somebody (body)
so baby girl come my way (my way)
feel like you need somebody (body)
you're like mhm now, mhm
so tell me what you want from me
girl mhm now, mhm
'cause i can give you what you need girl
mhm now, mhm
so tell me what you want from me girl
mhm now, mhm
'cause i can give you what you need girl, i
you’re looking my way now (way)
big spliff when we lay down (lay)
i want for now and some later
give me a reason why you can’t stay round
please me, you make it look easy
these niggas all neeky
you know that you need me, need me
i said gimme your love, you know you're bad like rihanna (ayy)
i’ll do you good no wahala (ayy)
but i can’t promise forever, oh nah nah nah
i said gimme your love, you know your bad like rihanna (ayy)
i’ll do you good no wahala (ayy)
but i can’t promise forever, oh nah
can i tell you that i’m wanting you? (wanting you)
i’m in love with the way you move
and i think you should have a drink or two
truth is i wanna lie with you, so come my way (my way)
feel like you need somebody (somebody)
so baby girl come my way (my way)
feel like you need somebody (somebody)
you're like mhm now, mhm
so tell me what you want from me
girl mhm now, mhm
'cause i can give you what you need girl
mhm now, mhm
so tell me what you want from me girl
mhm now, mhm
'cause i can give you what you need girl, i

--- Kojo Funds - Dun Talkin’ ---
no problem, no problem
yeah, yeah, yeah
mm
(ga)
ah, yeah, kojo and abra, (no problem, no problem), ain't no place inna bloody water
ah, yeah,  kojo and abra, chaw
yeah, mi done talkin'
yeah, mi dogs dem gun barkin', yeah
yeah, mi done talkin'
yeah, mi dogs dem gun barkin', yeah
yeah, mi done talkin'
yeah, mi dogs dem gun barkin', yeah
yeah, mi done talkin'
yeah, mi dogs dem gun barkin', yeah
hello, it's me again
tell a friend to tell a friend
got the boxes, not the benz, man ah heard them paigons in the ends (ee-yay)
i no run away, i
bag him up like weed, i
yea i smoke them trees, i
free siri, they gave him three five
eh, sana, sana, kojo and abz in the place, sana, sana
see me on your block like eh, sana, sana
they don't wanna war like eh, sana, sana, yeah, i go where i wanna
like, eh, sana, sana, them boy they know my face, sana, sana
that paigon, yeah, i know he's a runner
get my yg to pepper man for a oner, holla dee for the gunner
yeah, mi done talkin'
yeah, mi dogs dem gun barkin', yeah
yeah, mi done talkin'
yeah, mi dogs dem gun barkin', yeah
yeah, mi done talkin'
yeah, mi dogs dem gun barkin', yeah
yeah, mi done talkin'
yeah, mi dogs dem gun barkin', yeah
totts still pop arff, road get lock arff
fuck a man's past dirt, dog, man ah shotta
they ain't on what i'm on, they ain't got what we got, they ain't see what i got in my locker
beat-beatin' off the .40 'til the whole dance bruck up (grrah)
birthday girl, talkin' shit, tell her, "shut up" (shut up)
how you got opps in your dance? (how?) lucky i don't box her to france (yeah)
when we pull up, pull up, when we hop out, hop out, we ain't wavin' a .9 in the sky
we just, hold a steady aim, take a deep breath, poom-poom, take a man's life (poom-poom-poom)
shwe ni impabwa, them man there broke (them man there broke)
baby girl, you ain't no joke, come roll with me (come roll with me)
you can jump in the ride, drive to the other side, hit him with the beam, watch a nigga fall
yeah, mi done talkin'
yeah, mi dogs dem gun barkin', yeah (yeah, mi dogs dem gun barkin')
yeah, mi done talkin'
yeah, mi dogs dem gun barkin', yeah (yeah, mi dogs dem gun barkin', yeah)
yeah, mi done talkin'
yeah, mi dogs dem gun barkin', yeah (yeah, mi dogs dem gun barkin', yeah)
yeah, mi done talkin' (yeah, mi done talkin')
yeah, mi dogs dem gun barkin', yeah (yeah, mi dogs dem gun barkin')
yeah, mi done talkin'  (yeah, mi done talkin')
yeah, mi dogs dem gun barkin', yeah (boom, boom)
yeah, mi done talkin' (yeah, mi done talkin')
yeah, mi dogs dem gun barkin', yeah (no problem, no problem)
yeah, mi done talkin' (yeah)
yeah, mi dogs dem gun barkin', yeah
yeah, mi done talkin'
yeah, mi dogs dem gun barkin', yeah
mm, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah
ah, yeah, no problem, no problem
ain't no place inna bloody water (mm-mm-mm-mm-mm)
i know (chyeah), i know she lovin' the ounto (huh)
she lovin' the ounto (chyo), yeah

--- Belly Squad - Banana ---
belly squad yeah
b.e.l.l.y
everyday nanana
stop all of the blahblahblah
come round and take banana
baby girl quit all the bantar
come round and come take this banana
body dripping sweat, but mi not done yet
someone tell em' cool off take a fanta
take time x4
take time x2
all i need is good drink and a good whine
jump on boys acting like they're hood guys
if your looking at me wrong then bom bye
woke up in a rave like, im that nigga
10 shots man i take it to the liver
but dem boy they can never walk with me
baby girl what's your name come and talk to me
we're both looking at each other its not the banter
come and sit on my lap like im santa
baby girl fuck all the banter
please excuse my french montana
quit all the games baby girl why you playing?
i looked her in her eyes like baby what you sayin?
are you leaving with your friends or are you staying
now i got her on her knees man and she ain't even praying
baby girl quit all the bantar
come round and come take this banana
body dripping sweat, but mi not done yet
someone tell em' cool off take a fanta
take time x4
you've got a squad of 10 man, i can't see on g
niggas moving my lynx about they're on me
you do not trap for good you are not convy
i swing trees like  give girl some banana like some monkey
i've got gyal from brixton to bromley
her make-up is mac  but can she back it up properly
so when i get the greenlight, it won't stop me
lurks got suttin in it, kicks like a donkey
baby when your skinning out your skins so brown
jump on my wave, baby girl you won't drown
thinking how your hips so round
looking at bro like its this to go down
you came to look around thats fresh
you don't want to whine your waist thats fresh
you got ham with not riz thats fresh
you went to draw the girl, your phones dead thats fresh
i got no time for banter
baby girl come take banana
body come for banana
tonight i'm gonna give you banana
carribean gyals come and dance with me
african gyals come and dance with me
its just me and my gs, we ain't running from neeks yeah we're running from police
baby girl quit all the banter
come round and come take this banana
body dripping sweat, but mi not done yet
someone tell em' cool off take a fanta
take time x4

--- Young T & Bugsey - Don’t Rush ---
don't rush, slow touch
brown and white, like i go cunch
grab and buy, make 'em go bust (buss)
eye for eye, make 'em lose trust
white rum, fizzy pop (pop)
where you dey go? (go) we dey go up
catch my vibe (vibe), let me go off (off)
blammed her twice, man it's so tough
aight yo, put the belaire on her batty, make it kotch
seen the watch, now she wanna give crotch
boy got ps, now she hopping in the pod
man in real life sugar, gyaldem haffi get wopped (yeah)
know she want dark, told her "meet me at the top"
switching lanes the other day, i seen her waiting for a bus
baby this a moncler sweater, diesel denim
buy another while my pockets fat like heather
neck froze like i don't know no better
benzo truck, white seats and they leather
go broke never, on my grind
she make it clap like i'm busta rhymes
i got the juice, the sauce and all them things
i blammed her twice tonight with all my bling
big benz, i drive, i brought that ting
any girl you want, they want my ting
don't rush, slow touch
brown and white, like i go cunch
grab and buy, make 'em go bust (buss)
eye for eye, make 'em lose trust
white rum, fizzy pop (pop)
where you dey go? (go) we dey go up
catch my vibe (vibe), let me go off (off)
blammed her twice, man it's so tough
flood my ice, make a ho blush
back at the tour bus, gettin' caught up
dsquared got 'em distressed, gotta hand wash
new racks with the old nikes in the shoe box
keep my stripes, no cuffs
pull up in a new plate and she might just
she weren't tryna move bait when our eyes locked
new tints on the coupé, that's her head lost
off my whites, right my wrongs
gucci my mum, while you diddle your thumbs
count my sums, this is gonna get long
love my green, i'm tryna get strong
tryna get bun, where i'm from, it's on
yes, man don't take no dumb, threats
they see funds, they hop, fence
we been up, not up next
don't rush, slow touch
brown and white, like i go cunch
grab and buy, make 'em go bust (buss)
eye for eye, make 'em lose trust
white rum, fizzy pop (pop)
where you dey go? (go) we dey go up
catch my vibe (vibe), let me go off (off)
blammed her twice, man it's so tough
and introducing
the one and only
big truck, no clutch (clutch)
wrist rose, don't touch
french ciri, i'm so drunk (turnt)
course i can't drink and drive, where's my chauffeur?
bando upsuh, whip that coca
i really hope this time my record don't flop
see, i was in the wok, now my penthouse at the top
shawty said they're best friends, i bet they both fuck
'cause they won't cuss, 'cause they said i sold drugs
and when you down there, ain't nobody around
watch them come back when you blow up
i forgot my jacket but my heated seats help me warm up
fast train to inverurie, i used to go up
it's ironic, i just sold out my show in scotland
used to say i wanna put tottenham on the map
but one day i'ma change the map in tottenham
don't rush, slow touch
brown and white, like i go cunch
grab and buy, make 'em go bust (buss)
eye for eye, make 'em lose trust
white rum, fizzy pop (pop)
where you dey go? (go) we dey go up
catch my vibe (vibe), let me go off (off)
blammed her twice, man it's so tough

--- Headie One - Only You Freestyle ---
(m1onthebeat)
woi
yes
(m1onthebeat)
yes
woi
again and again, again and again
yeah
yo
chubbs might jam this yute for a chain
and give it to a sweet one, called that maya jama
givin' out gifts like santa, sippin' on sanna
used to do lean and wock'
closet filled up with designer, comin' like panda, panda
yeah, gyal just came to the booth and asked for a wheel
she never heard drill in atlanta
arabic ting told me that i look like youssef, look like hamza
habibti please, ana akeed, inti wa ana ahla
with pop skull in gaza, but not that gaza, but still it's a mazza
niggas want peace like cassava
but we let bridge dem burn like grabba
woi
four in the cliz and one in the headie
hand no shake, man, hold that steady
you man love pose with the ting for the picture
you man shoulda buss that ting already
you man love hezi', hezi'
yeah, can't backchat to the prezi'
know when the beef just taste like veggie?
gyal go ritz for the mani-pedi
cc bag look nice, but the birkin bag look way more heavy
that's just a big gyal ting, man, you get me?
raemi just turned mommy, and that's my sis, so i just turned abti
fan mail came to the crib from a yute that loves me, i swear that touched me
i never even drive no whips i own, so they all look way too dusty
if me and gallest go st. michael, the gyal come way too fussy, crushy
man said they would do this and that, but the man wasn't really that wassi, was he?
nah, nah, nah, the man wasn't really that what?
one-nine-four-two hits my system, man get way too frosty, buzzy
girls from the past that lost me love me
same ones there that crossed me, cuss me
everything come full circle, word to the boss above me
slow stroking 'cause the bamski way too big, my gyal don't rush me
woi
don't make me have to rise my rifle
man try send some young boys for me, don't make me have to ride by high school
shit you man been droppin' lately, don't make me have to fly my itunes
so much people buy into my hype, don't make me have to buy my hype too
dealt with the big homie already, don't make me have to side-by-side you
nuff times he tried to hide behind you
amnesia but when i remind you
i'm touchin' road and i can't find you
word to the m-o-b i'm tied to
i'm givin' up when i decide to, jheeze
one
suh-suh-suh (ofb, ofb)
suh-suh
suh-suh, suh-suh-suh-suh (one)
oh, how we hate leggies (suh-suh)
how much points have the gang got? many (one)
didn't ever have to rise that dots
it was just under my bed and ready (turn)
bro-bro chinged up an opp
boy, i swear he got chinged already (they told me turn, uh)
that next one thought he was boss
then he got shot, nathan tettey (they told me turn)
got this bad b, ohene (turn, turn)
my next one from yard love reggae (shawty)
we dishin' out store and telly
then we in france balling out, trezeguet (one)
she look sexy sippin' on henny
my prawns grilled and my pasta penne (suh, suh, suh, suh, suh, suh, suh-suh-suh-suh)
she give headie, headie
my tracksuit louis, now covered in fenty
used to put the light in the cling
and it still didn't stop it smellin' like petty (turn)
put a dark in the blue, then we put it in the red, balotelli
them times it was m way (what?)
i mean m way, t house, m way (huh?)
now it's penty, uptown penty (huh?)
bentley, range, then bentley (one)
have you ever had your pockets empty? (turn)
but still found the bread to afford a trenton? (turn, turn, turn)
six litres flying through epsom (turn, turn, turn)
i swear i've seen life from both perspectives (they told me turn, uh)
that spot so far upsuh, en-route, got no connection (told me turn)
i done run through so much scottish notes
couldn't care 'bout no recession (one)
i still get one jail call from boogie
judge gave him twenty years straight, it moved me
cps murder in the dock like rupert (suh, suh, suh, suh)
cah lil' bro went and dun him so ruthless
got this cutie, she half-cuban
probably why she like playin' with the cuban (turn)
say she like chillin' with the ooters, booters
eating uptown all suited booted, booted, booted (turn, turn, turn, turn)
they wasn't with us when the jeans were bootleg
put in that work, we ain't never been spoon-fed (turn)
comin' for the jungle, you know where the zoo is (they told me turn, uh)
four-four or the three-two auto bells, it's a toothpick (told me turn)
no rap cap, we just speak what the truth is (told me turn, uh)
lord forgive them, they don't know what they're doing (told me turn)
shotgun, open the hatch, i put two in
still ain't forgot how it feels to be losin' (they told me turn, uh)
they thought it was permanent, found it amusin'
now this drip on me like i'm canoein'
time just flyin' (one)
i'm just tryna take this live ting to my juvies, juvies (suh-suh-suh)
so the beef is fryin'
they ain't tryna stop slidin', toosie, toosie
(one)
(suh-suh)

--- Central Cee - Obsessed With You ---
your hair's under my pillow, so i sleep (so i sleep)
and i'm dreaming of you leaving roses at my feet (nastylgia , at my feet)
i'm obsessed with you in a way i can't believe
when you wipe your tears, do you wipe them just for me? (me, me, me, me)
i hope a trap boy's your type (why?)
'cause i don't have a nine-to-five (alright)
i get that your standards high
but i'm not a random guy, i'm different (literally, at my feet)
when i write my rhymes, you say you don't like that line
i'll switch it (calm)
you said you don't like my life, you said you don't like my guys, you're trippin' (when you wipe your tears do you wipe them just for me?)
i followed you, i followed you today, i was in my car (alright)
i wanted to come see you from afar (at my feet)
if you turned around and saw me i would die
when you wipe your tears do you wipe them just for me?
bad one and she photogenic (alright)
instagram got a lot of impressions (uh-huh, hear it now)
she think i'm a g and i don't need love
but i need some thug affection (literally, me, me, love me)
if i fell off tomorrow, would you still love me?
man, i got twenty-one questions (like fifty, just me)
in the trap with the cats, domestics
she doin' lashes, somethin' cosmetic
they shot their shot, she read it
they slid in the dm with somethin' generic (huh, hear it now)
she don't even like goin' out
got a new outfit, but nowhere to wear it (alright)
she think that i'm bein' disloyal when i'm in the streets with couple of killys (you ain't gotta)
you ain't gotta worry 'bout none of these hoes
i'm grown, i'm done with these bitches (done with these bitches, done with these bitches)
your hair's under my pillow, so i sleep (so i sleep)
and i'm dreaming of you leaving roses at my feet (at my feet)
i'm obsessed with you in a way i can't believe
when you wipe your tears, do you wipe them just for me? (me, me, me, me)
i hope a trap boy's your type (why?)
'cause i don't have a nine-to-five (alright)
i get that your standards high
but i'm not a random guy, i'm different (literally, at my feet)
when i write my rhymes, you say you don't like that line
i'll switch it (calm)
you said you don't like my life, you said you don't like my guys, you're trippin'
wipe them just for me? me, me, me, me
i hope a trap boy's your type
'cause i don't have a nine-to-five
do you wipe them just for me? me, me, me, me
i get that your standards high
but i'm not a random guy, i'm different
i'm pleading on my knees (knees, knees, knees, knees)
when i write my rhymes, you say you don't like that line
i'll switch it
you said you don't like my life
it's your touch that i need (need, need, need, need)
when you wipe your tears, do you wipe them just for—

--- Digga D - Pump 101 ---
why for five guys? mi nuh nyam five guys
hater, yeah, uh
come on, uh
pump 101 (uh)
c-c-c-c-c-c-c-cgm
yo, it's easier to fuck these women with four chains swingin'
three rings blingin', two straps grippin' (come on)
one shot out the glock leave your head back spillin'
emerald cut diamonds say i'm pyrex livin' (bling)
how can i say this in a friendly way?
before we fuck, bae, i beg you sign this nda (come on)
take you shoppin', what? louis or the fendi way?
or we can stay in park lane, not in npk (uh)
she wanna snap in the lamb', but i ain't movin' the whip
just run downstairs for a novikov quick (come on)
mayfair hotel, i know you're lovin' this shit
make sure there's bare spit when you're suckin' this (woo!)
as long as i'm livin' this high life
still roll around in uptown with my knife
burger king (what?), 'cause man not nyam five guys
grand power, fill up with some .9 bine
i'll load up the pump
my guns are stocked up, got bronem glocked up in a stolen benz
i'll load up the pump
my opps are neeky and we can't get ****, so we soaked his friends
i'll load up the pump
my line stay ringin', my guys stay chingin', what's the problem, fam?
i'll load up the pump
every opp left bleedin', so they started teamin' 'cah we smoked their gang
i'll load up the pump
peski told me, "wake up to reality"
can't lie, i was sittin' there mad at 'em (man was vexed)
just imagine my .44s got these pussios panickin'
makin' yutes bank food, now they're traffickin' (bank that)
i know it's embarrassin' tryna get shit across the border
hella yutes all takin' man's orders (that's a fact)
look, i weren't clockin' that life's gettin' shorter
i could wig a man in front of his daughter (bap, bap)
i know you're probably surprised, real shit, i ain't tellin' no lies
real killers that i got on my side (some spillers)
jp never let shit slide, so twenty years he gotta do inside (free him up)
always down to ride
little cheffed **** and he died
get him out the country, wallahi, i tried (wallahi)
on these streets, man don't care about size
i caught a **** all because of me pride
i'll load up the pump
my guns are stocked up, got bronem glocked up in a stolen benz
i'll load up the pump
my opps are neeky and we can't get ****, so we soaked his friends
i'll load up the pump
my line stay ringin', my guys stay chingin', what's the problem, fam?
i'll load up the pump
every opp left bleedin', so they started teamin' 'cah we smoked their gang
i'll load up the pump

--- Knucks - Los Pollos Hermanos ---
no-no days off
mister schrader, i'd like you to meet andrew coffman of the adobe hotel
hank, hi, nice to meet you
nice to meet you
paul canterna of canterna real estate
hey, it's a pleasure
good to meet you, aha
and gustavo fring of los pollos hermanos
how many times will they say i'm the smoothest
truth is i've never not moved this way
my trench coat leather, my shoes are suede
beg you don't step on my pumas babe (baby)
walked ages in these trainers
but i ain't trip when they losing faith
you know i been tеsted without a question
while thеy on net doing q and a
she say i'm a son of a gun
but really miss me like she shooting strays
it's cool, it's great
but it's more fun when you use your waist (guilty)
made in the manor like kano
where the able yutes are moving 'caine
searching for p's on my p's and q's
man step out the queue, you could lose your place
and i seen it bro, ain't you see i'm the ceo?
teaching my team how to aim for the head
ain't no wasting no lead on no knees and toes (don't waste it)
briefings in the board meetings
with the g's dem but they been involved
how you ain't end up on street with bro? (huh?)
only jesus knows
but still i'm here counting my blessings
i ain't account all the lessons
found out in the drought just who got man
use one hand when i'm counting my bredrins (bredrins)
can you really doubt i'm a legend?
all the hours 'round the clock that i put in
do the eyebrow like the rock when they looking
they can smell the shit knucks is cooking
gustavo fring of los pollos hermanos
please, just gus
hi, gus
gotta tell ya, you guys make some killer chicken
hahaha, thank you very much

