--- Rap God ---
"look, i was gonna go easy on you not to hurt your feelings"
"but i'm only going to get this one chance" (six minutes—, six minutes—)
"something's wrong, i can feel it" (six minutes, slim shady, you're on!)
"just a feeling i've got, like something's about to happen, but i don't know what. 
if that means what i think it means, we're in trouble, big trouble; 
and if he is as bananas as you say, i'm not taking any chances"
"you are just what the doc ordered"
i'm beginnin' to feel like a rap god, rap god
all my people from the front to the back nod, back nod
now, who thinks their arms are long enough to slap box, slap box?
they said i rap like a robot, so call me rap-bot
but for me to rap like a computer it must be in my genes
i got a laptop in my back pocket
my pen'll go off when i half-cock it
got a fat knot from that rap profit
made a livin' and a killin' off it
ever since bill clinton was still in office
with monica lewinsky feelin' on his nutsack
i'm an mc still as honest
but as rude and as indecent as all hell
syllables, skill-a-holic (kill 'em all with)
this flippity dippity-hippity hip-hop
you don't really wanna get into a pissin' match
with this rappity brat, packin' a mac in the back of the ac'
backpack rap crap, yap-yap, yackety-yack
and at the exact same time, i attempt these lyrical acrobat stunts while i'm practicin' that
i'll still be able to break a motherfuckin' table
over the back of a couple of faggots and crack it in half
only realized it was ironic, i was signed to aftermath after the fact
how could i not blow? all i do is drop f-bombs
feel my wrath of attack
rappers are havin' a rough time period, here's a maxi pad
it's actually disastrously bad for the wack
while i'm masterfully constructing this masterpièce
'cause i'm beginnin' to feel like a rap god, rap god
all my people from the front to the back nod, back nod
now, who thinks their arms are long enough to slap box, slap box?
let me show you maintainin' this shit ain't that hard, that hard
everybody want the key and the secret to rap immortality like i have got
well, to be truthful the blueprint's
simply rage and youthful exuberance
everybody loves to root for a nuisance
hit the earth like an asteroid
did nothing but shoot for the moon since (pew!)
mcs get taken to school with this music
'cause i use it as a vehicle to "bus the rhyme"
now i lead a new school full of students
me? i'm a product of rakim
lakim shabazz, 2pac, n.w.a, cube, hey doc, ren
yella, eazy, thank you, they got slim
inspired enough to one day grow up, blow up and be in a position
to meet run–d.m.c., and induct them
into the motherfuckin' rock and roll hall of fame
even though i'll walk in the church and burst in a ball of flames
only hall of fame i'll be inducted in is the alcohol of fame
on the wall of shame
you fags think it's all a game, 'til i walk a flock of flames
off a plank and, tell me what in the fuck are you thinkin'?
little gay-lookin' boy
so gay i can barely say it with a straight face, lookin' boy (ha-ha!)
you're witnessin' a mass-occur
like you're watching a church gathering take place, lookin' boy
"oy vey, that boy's gay!"—that's all they say, lookin' boy
you get a thumbs up, pat on the back
and a "way to go" from your label every day, lookin' boy
hey, lookin' boy! what you say, lookin' boy?
i get a "hell yeah" from dre, lookin' boy
i'ma work for everything i have, never asked nobody for shit
get outta my face, lookin' boy!
basically, boy, you're never gonna be capable
of keepin' up with the same pace, lookin' boy, 'cause—
i'm beginnin' to feel like a rap god, rap god
all my people from the front to the back nod, back nod
the way i'm racin' around the track, call me nascar, nascar
dale earnhardt of the trailer park, the white trash god
kneel before general zod
this planet's krypton—no, asgard, asgard
so you'll be thor and i'll be odin
you rodent, i'm omnipotent
let off, then i'm reloadin'
immediately with these bombs i'm totin'
and i should not be woken
i'm the walkin' dead, but i'm just a talkin' head, a zombie floatin'
but i got your mom deep-throatin'
i'm out my ramen noodle
we have nothin' in common, poodle
i'm a doberman, pinch yourself in the arm and pay homage, pupil
it's me, my honesty's brutal
but it's honestly futile if i don't utilize what i do though
for good at least once in a while
so i wanna make sure somewhere in this chicken scratch i scribble and doodle enough rhymes
to maybe try to help get some people through tough times
but i gotta keep a few punchlines
just in case 'cause even you unsigned
rappers are hungry lookin' at me like it's lunchtime
i know there was a time where once i
was king of the underground
but i still rap like i'm on my pharoahe monch grind
so i crunch rhymes, but sometimes when you combine
appeal with the skin color of mine
you get too big and here they come tryin'
to censor you like that one line
i said on "i'm back" from 
the mathers lp 1 when i
tried to say i'll take seven kids from columbine
put 'em all in a line, add an ak-47, a revolver and a 9
see if i get away with it now that i ain't as big as i was, but i'm
morphin' into an immortal, comin' through the portal
you're stuck in a time warp from 2004 though
and i don't know what the fuck that you rhyme for
you're pointless as rapunzel with fuckin' cornrows
you write normal? fuck being normal!
and i just bought a new raygun from the future
just to come and shoot ya, like when fabolous made ray j mad
'cause fab said he looked like a fag at mayweather's pad
singin' to a man while he played piano
man, oh man, that was a 24/7 special on the cable channel
so ray j went straight to the radio station
the very next day, "hey fab, i'ma kill you!"
lyrics comin' at you at supersonic speed (j.j. fad)
uh, summa-lumma, dooma-lumma, you assumin' i'm a human
what i gotta do to get it through to you? i'm superhuman
innovative and i'm made of rubber so that anything you say is ricochetin' off of me and it'll glue to you and
i'm devastating, more than ever demonstrating
how to give a motherfuckin' audience a feeling like it's levitating
never fading, and i know the haters are forever waiting
for the day that they can say i fell off, they'll be celebrating
'cause i know the way to get 'em motivated
i make elevating music, you make elevator music
"oh, he's too mainstream."
well, that's what they do when they get jealous, they confuse it
"it's not hip-hop, it's pop,"—'cause i found a hella way to fuse it
with rock, shock rap with doc
throw on "lose yourself" and make 'em lose it
"i don't know how to make songs like that
i don't know what words to use."
let me know when it occurs to you
while i'm rippin' any one of these verses that versus you
it's curtains, i'm inadvertently hurtin' you
how many verses i gotta murder to
prove that if you were half as nice, your songs you could sacrifice virgins too?!
ugh, school flunky, pill junkie
but look at the accolades these skills brung me
full of myself, but still hungry
i bully myself 'cause i make me do what i put my mind to
and i'm a million leagues above you
ill when i speak in tongues, but it's still tongue-in-cheek, fuck you
i'm drunk, so, satan, take the fucking wheel
i'ma sleep in the front seat
bumpin' heavy d and the boyz, still "chunky but funky"
but in my head there's something i can feel tugging and struggling
angels fight with devils and here's what they want from me
they're askin' me to eliminate some of the women hate
but if you take into consideration the bitter hatred
i have, then you may be a little patient
and more sympathetic to the situation
and understand the discrimination
but fuck it, life's handin' you lemons? make lemonade then!
but if i can't batter the women
how the fuck am i supposed to bake 'em a cake then?
don't mistake him for satan
it's a fatal mistake if you think i need to be overseas and take a vacation
to trip a broad, and make her fall on her face and
don't be a retard—be a king? think not
why be a king when you can be a god?

--- The Real Slim Shady ---
may i have your attention, please?
may i have your attention, please?
will the real slim shady please stand up?
i repeat
will the real slim shady please stand up?
we're gonna have a problem here
y'all act like you never seen a white person before
jaws all on the floor like pam; like tommy just burst in the door
and started whoopin' her ass worse than before
they first were divorced, throwin' her over furniture (agh)
it's the return of the "oh, wait, no way, you're kidding
he didn't just say what i think he did, did he?"
and dr. dre said
nothing, you idiots, dr. dre's dead, he's locked in my basement (ha-ha)
feminist women love eminem
"chicka-chicka-chicka, slim shady, i'm sick of him
look at him, walkin' around, grabbin' his you-know-what
flippin' the you-know-who", "yeah, but he's so cute though"
yeah, i probably got a couple of screws up in my head loose
but no worse than what's goin' on in your parents' bedrooms
sometimes i wanna get on tv and just let loose
but can't, but it's cool for tom green to hump a dead moose
"my bum is on your lips, my bum is on your lips"
and if i'm lucky, you might just give it a little kiss
and that's the message that we deliver to little kids
and expect them not to know what a woman's clitoris is
of course, they're gonna know what intercourse is
by the time they hit fourth grade they've got the 
discovery channel, don't they?
we ain't nothin' but mammals
well, some of us cannibals who cut other people open like cantaloupes
but if we can hump dead animals and antelopes
then there's no reason that a man and another man can't elope
but if you feel like i feel, i got the antidote
women, wave your pantyhose, sing the chorus, and it goes
i'm slim shady, yes, i'm the real shady
all you other slim shadys are just imitating
so won't the real slim shady please stand up
please stand up, please stand up?
'cause i'm slim shady, yes, i'm the real shady
all you other slim shadys are just imitating
so won't the real slim shady please stand up
please stand up, please stand up?
will smith don't gotta cuss in his raps to sell records (nope)
well, i do, so fuck him, and fuck you too
you think i give a damn about a grammy?
half of you critics can't even stomach me, let alone stand me
"but slim, what if you win? wouldn't it be weird?"
why? so you guys could just lie to get me here?
so you can sit me here next to britney spears?
yo, shit, christina aguilera better switch me chairs
so i can sit next to carson daly and fred durst
and hear 'em argue over who she gave head to first
little bitch put me on blast on mtv
"yeah, he's cute, but i think he's married to kim, hee-hee"
i should download her audio on mp3
and show the whole world how you gave eminem vd (agh)
i'm sick of you little girl and boy groups, all you do is annoy me
so i have been sent here to destroy you
and there's a million of us just like me
who cuss like me, who just don't give a fuck like me
who dress like me, walk, talk and act like me
and just might be the next best thing, but not quite me
'cause i'm slim shady, yes, i'm the real shady
all you other slim shadys are just imitating
so won't the real slim shady please stand up
please stand up, please stand up?
'cause i'm slim shady, yes, i'm the real shady
all you other slim shadys are just imitating
so won't the real slim shady please stand up
please stand up, please stand up?
i'm like a head trip to listen to
'cause i'm only givin' you things you joke about with your friends inside your livin' room
the only difference is i got the balls to say it in front of y'all
and i don't gotta be false or sugarcoat it at all
i just get on the mic and spit it
and whether you like to admit it (err), i just shit it
better than ninety percent of you rappers out can
then you wonder, "how can kids eat up these albums like valiums?"
it's funny, 'cause at the rate i'm goin', when i'm thirty
i'll be the only person in the nursin' home flirting
pinchin' nurse's asses when i'm jacking off with jergens
and i'm jerking, but this whole bag of viagra isn't working
and every single person is a slim shady lurkin'
he could be working at burger king, spittin' on your onion rings (ch, puh)
or in the parkin' lot, circling, screaming, "i don't give a fuck!"
with his windows down and his system up
so will the real shady please stand up
and put one of those fingers on each hand up?
and be proud to be out of your mind and out of control
and one more time, loud as you can, how does it go?
i'm slim shady, yes, i'm the real shady
all you other slim shadys are just imitating
so won't the real slim shady please stand up
please stand up, please stand up?
'cause i'm slim shady, yes, i'm the real shady
all you other slim shadys are just imitating
so won't the real slim shady please stand up
please stand up, please stand up?
'cause i'm slim shady, yes, i'm the real shady
all you other slim shadys are just imitating
so won't the real slim shady please stand up
please stand up, please stand up?
'cause i'm slim shady, yes, i'm the real shady
all you other slim shadys are just imitating
so won't the real slim shady please stand up
please stand up, please stand up?
ha-ha
i guess there's a slim shady in all of us
fuck it, let's all stand up

--- Brainless ---
"or eminem has a full line of chainsaws
"eminem, eminem, eminem, eminem
eminem, eminem"
"marshall mathers, eminem, the rapper eminem"
"who can say for sure?
perhaps a frontal lobotomy would be the answer
if science could operate on this distorted brain
and put it to good use, society would reap a great benefit"
i walk around like a space cadet, place your bets
who's likely to become a serial killer? case of tourettes
fuck, fuck, fuck, can't take the stress
i make a mess as the day progresses
angry and take it out on the neighbors' hedges
like this is how i'll cut your face up, bitches
with these hedge-trimmin' scissors with razor edges
imagination's dangerous, it's the only way to escape this mess
and make the best of this situation, i guess
'cause i feel like a little bitch, this predicament's despicable
i'm sick of just gettin' pushed, it's ridiculous
i look like a frickin' wuss, a pussy, this kid just took my stick of licorice
and threw my sticker books in a picker bush
i wanna kick his tush, but i was six and shook
this fucker was twelve and was six foot, with a vicious hook
he hit me, i fell, i got back up, all i did was book
now there's usin' your head, momma always said
"if you had a brain, you'd be dangerous
a brain, you'd be dangerous" (i'ma prove you wrong)
momma, i'ma grow one day to be famous
and i'ma be a pain in the anus (i'ma be the bomb)
i'ma use my head as a weapon
find a way to escape this insaneness (momma always said)
"son, if you had a brain, you'd be dangerous"
guess it pays to be brainless
fast forward, some years later, a teenager, this is fun, sweet
i just got jumped twice in one week, it's complete
it's usually once a month, this is some feat i've accomplished
they've stomped me into the mud, gee
for what reason you stumped me?
but how do you get the shit beat out of you, beat down and be upbeat
when you don't have nothing?
no valid shot at life, chance to make it or succeed
'cause you're doomed from the start
it's like you grew up on jump street, from jump street
but if i could just get my head out my ass, i could accomplish any task
practicin' trash-talkin' in a trance
locked in my room, yeah, but i got some plans, momma
these damn rhymes are fallin' out of my pants pocket, i can't stop it
and i'm startin' to blend in more in school, this shit helps for sure
i'm gettin' more self-assured than i've ever been before
plus no one picks on me anymore
i done put a stop to that, threw my first punch, end of story
still, in my skull’s a vacant empty void, been usin' it more as a bin for storage
take some inventory: in this gourd, there's a ford engine
door hinge, syringe, an orange, an extension cord and a ninja sword
not to mention four linchpins, an astringent stored
ironin' board, a bench, a wrench, a ore winch, an attention whore
everything but a brain, but dome's off the fuckin' chain
like an independent store, something's wrong with my head
just think if i had a brain in it, thank god that i don't
'cause i'd probably be dahmer, 'cause momma always said
"if you had a brain, you'd be dangerous
a brain, you'd be dangerous" (i'ma prove you wrong)
momma, i'ma grow one day to be famous
and i'ma be a pain in the anus (i'ma be the bomb)
i'ma use my head as a weapon
find a way to escape this insaneness (momma always said)
"son, if you had a brain, you'd be dangerous"
guess it pays to be brainless
now my mom goes wahm-wahm-wahm
'cause i'm not that smart, but i'm not dumb
i was on the bottom of the pile, gettin' stomped
but somehow i came out on top
i told you one day, i said they'd have that red carpet rolled out, yo
i'm nice, y'all, fuck it, i'm out cold
now everywhere i go, they scream out, "go"
i'm 'bout to clean house, yo
i'm lysol, now i'm just household
outsold the sell-outs, freak the hell out
middle america, hear 'em yell out
in terror, they were so scared, and those kids
just about belted out whatever spouted or fell out
my smart aleck mouth, it was so weird (haha)
inappropriate? so be it, i don't see it
maybe one day when the smoke clears, it won't be as
motherfuckin' difficult, yeah
'til then, hopefully you lil' homos get over your fears and phobias
it's okay to be scared straight, they said i provoke queers
'til emotions evoke tears, my whole career's
a stroke of sheer genius, smoke and mirrors, tactical, practical jokes, yeah
you motherfuckin'— insert insult here
who the fuck woulda thunk that one little old mc'd
be able to take the whole culture and reupholster it?
and boy, they did flock, can't believe this little hick locked
this hip-hop shit in his hip pocket, and still the shit got
that white-trash traffic in gridlock, shit hoppin' like six blocks
from a kid rock/insane clown posse concert in mid-oc-
-tober, and god forbid i see a wizard
and get a brain in my titanium cranium, y'all 'cause i'll turn into the unabomber
momma always said
"if you had a brain, you'd be dangerous
a brain, you'd be dangerous" (i'ma prove you wrong)
momma, i'ma grow one day to be famous
and i'ma be a pain in the anus (i'ma be the bomb)
i'ma use my head as a weapon
find a way to escape this insaneness (momma always said)
"son, if you had a brain, you'd be dangerous"
guess it pays to be brainless
"insaneness" ain't even a word, you stupid fuck
neither is "ain't"

--- The Kids ---
and everyone should get along
okay, children, quiet down, quiet down
children, i'd like to introduce our new substitute teacher for the day
his name is mr. shady
children, quiet down, please
brian, don't throw that (shut up)
mr. shady will be your new substitute while mr. kaniff is out with pneumonia 
(he's got aids)
good luck, mr. shady
hi there, little boys and girls! (fuck you)
today we're gonna learn how to poison squirrels
but first, i'd like you to meet my friend bob (huh?)
say hi, bob ("hi, bob")
bob's thirty and still lives with his mom
and he don't got a job 'cause bob sits at home and smokes pot
but his twelve-year-old brother looks up to him an awful lot
and bob likes to hang out at the local waffle spot
and wait in the parking lot for waitresses off the clock
when it's late and the lot gets dark and fake like he walks his dog
drag 'em in the woods and go straight to the chopping block (ahh)
and even if they escaped and they got the cops
the ladies would all be so afraid, they would drop the charge
'til one night mrs. stacey went off the job
when she felt someone grab her whole face and said not to talk
but stacey knew it was bob and said, "knock it off"
but bob wouldn't knock it off, 'cause he's crazy and off his rocker
crazier than slim shady is off the vodka
you couldn't even take him to dre's to get bob a doctor
he grabbed stace by the legs as he chopped it off her
and dropped her off in the lake for the cops to find her
but ever since the day stacey went off to wander
they never found her, and bob still hangs at the waffle diner
and that's the story of bob and his marijuana
and what it might do to you
so see if the squirrels want it—it's bad for you
see, children, drugs are bad 
(come on)
and if you don't believe me, ask your dad (you can ask)
and if you don't believe him, ask your mom (that's right)
she'll tell you how she does 'em all the time (she will)
so kids, say no to drugs 
(that's right)
so you don't act like everyone else does (uh-huh)
and there's really nothin' else to say 
(sing along)
drugs are just bad, mmkay?
my penis is the size of a peanut, have you seen it?
fuck no, you ain't seen it, it's the size of a peanut 
(huh?)
speakin' of peanuts, you know what else is bad for squirrels?
ecstasy is the worst drug in the world
if someone ever offers it to you, don't do it
kids, two hits'll probably drain all your spinal fluid
and spinal fluid is final, you won't get it back
so don't get attached, it'll attack every bone in your back
meet zach: twenty-one years old
after hangin' out with some friends at a frat party, he gets bold
and decides to try five when he's bribed by five guys
and peer pressure will win every time you try to fight it
suddenly, he starts to convulse
and his pulse goes into hyperdrive
and his eyes roll back in his skull 
(blblblblblb)
his back starts to look like the mcdonald's arches
he's on donald's carpet, layin' horizontal, barfin' (bleh)
and everyone in the apartment starts laughin' at him
"hey, adam, zach is a jackass, look at him"
'cause they took it too, so they think it's funny
so they're laughing at basically nothing
except maybe wasting their money
meanwhile, zach's in a coma, the action is over
and his back and his shoulders hunched up like he's practicin' yoga
and that's the story of zach, the ecstasy maniac
so don't even feed that to squirrels, class, 'cause it's bad for you
see, children, drugs are bad 
(that's right)
and if you don't believe me, ask your dad 
(that's right)
and if you don't believe him, ask your mom (you can)
she'll tell you how she does 'em all the time (she will)
so kids, say no to drugs (smoke crack)
so you don't act like everyone else does (that's right)
and there's really nothin' else to say 
(right on)
drugs are just bad, mmkay?
and last but not least, one of the most humongous
problems among young people today is fungus
it grows from cow manure; they pick it out, wipe it off, bag it up
and you put it right in your mouth and chew it
yum-yum, then you start to see some dumb stuff
and everything slows down when you eat some of 'em
and sometimes, you see things that aren't there 
(like what?)
like fat women in g-strings with orange hair
(mr. shady, what's a g-string?) it's yarn, claire
women stick 'em up their behinds, go out and wear 'em 
(huh?)
and if you swallow too much of the magic mushrooms
whoops, did i say 'magic mushrooms?' i meant fungus
your tongue gets all swollen up like a cow's tongue
(how come?) 'cause it comes from a cow's dung 
(gross)
see, drugs are bad, it's a common fact
but your mom and dad know that's all that i'm good at (eh?)
but don't be me, 'cause if you grow up and you go and od
they're gonna come for me, and i'ma have to grow a goatee
and get a disguise and hide, 'cause it'll be my fault
so don't do drugs, and do exactly as i don't, 'cause i'm bad for you
see, children, drugs are bad 
(uh-huh)
and if you don't believe me, ask your dad (put that down)
and if you don't believe him, ask your mom (you can ask)
she'll tell you how she does 'em all the time (and she will)
so kids, say no to drugs 
(say no)
so you don't act like everyone else does (like i do)
and there's really nothin' else to say 
(that's right)
drugs are just bad, mmkay?
come on, children, clap along (shut up)
sing along, children (suck my motherfuckin' dick)
come on, clap along
drugs are just bad, drugs are just bad (south park is gonna sue me)
so don't do drugs (kiss my motherfuckin' ass)
so there'll be more for me (hippie, goddamn it)
(mushrooms killed kenny)
(uh, the fart button's on) (* fart *) 
(ew, ahh)
la la la 
(so fucked up right now)

--- Marshall Mathers ---
you know, i just don't get it
last year, i was nobody
this year, i'm selling records
now everybody wants to come around like i owe 'em somethin'
the fuck you want from me?
ten million dollars?
get the fuck outta here
you see, i'm just marshall mathers (marshall mathers)
i'm just a regular guy, i don't know why all the fuss about me (fuss about me)
nobody ever gave a fuck before, all they did was doubt me (did was doubt me)
now everybody wanna run they mouth and try to take shots at me (take shots at me)
yo
you might see me joggin', you might see me walkin'
you might see me walkin' a dead rottweiler dog
with its head chopped off in the park with a spiked collar
hollerin' at him 'cause the son of a bitch won't quit barkin' (ruff ruff)
or leanin' out a window with a cocked shotgun
drivin' up the block in the car that they shot pac in
lookin' for big's killers, dressin' ridiculous
blue and red, like i don't see what the big deal is
double barrel 12-gauge bigger than chris wallace
pissed off 'cause biggie and pac just missed all this
watchin' all these cheap imitations get rich off 'em
and get dollars that shoulda been theirs like they switched wallets
and amidst all this crist' poppin' and wristwatches
i just sit back and just watch and just get nauseous
and walk around with an empty bottle of rémy martin
startin' shit like some twenty-six-year-old skinny cartman (goddamn it!)
an anti-backstreet and ricky martin
whose instinct's to kill *nsync, don't get me started
these fuckin' brats can't sing and britney's garbage
what's this bitch, retarded? give me back my sixteen dollars!
all i see is sissies in magazines smilin' (hee-hee!)
whatever happened to wilin' out and bein' violent?
whatever happened to catchin' a good old-fashioned passionate ass-whoopin'
and gettin' your shoes, coat and your hat tooken?
new kids on the block suck a lot of dick
boy, girl groups make me sick
and i can't wait 'til i catch all you faggots in public
i'ma love it (hahaha)
vanilla ice don't like me (uh-uh), he said some shit in 
vibe to spite me (yo)
then went and dyed his hair just like me (haha)
a bunch of little kids wanna swear just like me
and run around screamin' "i don't care, just bite me!" (na-na)
i think i was put here to annoy the world
and destroy your little four-year-old boy or girl
plus i was put here to put fear in faggots who spray faygo root beer
and call themselves clowns 'cause they look queer (hehe)
faggy 2 dope and silent gay
claimin' detroit, when y'all live twenty miles away (fuckin' punks)
and i don't wrestle, i'll knock you fuckin' faggots the fuck out
ask 'em about the club they was at when they snuck out
after they ducked out the back when they saw us and bugged out (ah!)
ducked down and got paintballs shot at they truck — blaow!
look at y'all runnin' your mouth again
when you ain't seen a fuckin' mile road south of 10
and i don't need help from d12 to beat up two females
in make-up who may try to scratch me with lee nails
"slim anus"? you damn right, slim anus
i don't get fucked in mine like you two little flamin' faggots
'cause i'm just marshall mathers (marshall mathers)
i'm not a wrestler guy, i'll knock you out if you talk about me (talk about me)
come and see me on the streets alone if you assholes doubt me (assholes doubt me)
and if you wanna run your mouth, then come take your best shot at me (best shot at me)
is it because you love me that y'all expect so much of me?
you little groupie bitch, get off me, go fuck puffy
now because of this blonde mop that's on top
of this fucked up head that i've got, i've gone pop?
the underground just spunned around and did a three-sixty
now these kids diss me and act like some big sissies
"oh, he just did some shit with missy
so now he thinks he's too big to do some shit with mc get-bizzy"
my fuckin' bitch mom's sued me for ten-million
she must want a dollar for every pill i've been stealin'
shit, where the fuck you think i picked up the habit?
all i had to do was go in her room and lift up her mattress
which is it, bitch: mrs. briggs or ms. mathers?
it doesn't matter, faggot
talkin' about i fabricated my past
he's just aggravated i won't ejaculate in his ass (ugh!)
so tell me, what the hell is a fella to do?
for every million i make, another relative sues
family fightin' and fussin' over who wants to invite me to supper
all of a sudden, i got ninety-some cousins (hey, it's me!)
a half-brother and sister who never seen me
or even bothered to call me until they saw me on tv
now everybody's so happy and proud
i'm finally allowed to step foot in my girlfriend's house (hey!)
and then to top it off i walked to the newsstand
to buy this cheap-ass little magazine with a food stamp
skipped to the last page, flipped right fast
and what do i see? a picture of my big white ass
okay, let me give you motherfuckers some help (uh, here!)
"xxl! xxl!"
now your magazine shouldn't have so much trouble to sell
aw, fuck it, i'll even buy a couple myself
'cause i'm just marshall mathers (marshall mathers)
i'm just a regular guy, i don't know why all the fuss about me (fuss about me)
nobody ever gave a fuck before, all they did was doubt me (did was doubt me)
now everybody wanna run they mouth and try to take shots at me (take shots at me)
because i'm just marshall mathers (marshall mathers)
i'm just a regular guy, i don't know why all the fuss about me (fuss about me)
nobody ever gave a fuck before, all they did was doubt me (did was doubt me)
now everybody wanna run they mouth and try to take shots at me (take shots at me)

--- The Way I Am ---
man, whatever
dre, just let it run
ayo, turn the beat up a little bit
ayo
this song is for anyone
fuck it, just shut up and listen
ayo
i sit back with this pack of zig-zags and this bag of this weed
it gives me the shit needed to be the most meanest mc on this—
on this earth, and since birth, i've been cursed with this curse to just curse
and just blurt this berserk and bizarre shit that works
and it sells and it helps in itself to relieve
all this tension, dispensin' these sentences
gettin' this stress that's been eatin' me recently
off of this chest, and i rest again peacefully
but at least have the decency in you
to leave me alone, when you freaks see me out
in the streets when i'm eatin' or feedin' my daughter
do not come and speak to me
i don't know you, and, no, i don't owe you a motherfuckin' thing
i'm not mr. *nsync, i'm not what your friends think
i'm not mr. friendly, i can be a prick
if you tempt me, my tank is on empty
no patience is in me, and if you offend me
i'm liftin' you ten feet in the air
i don't care who was there and who saw me, just jaw you
go call you a lawyer, file you a lawsuit
i'll smile in the courtroom, and buy you a wardrobe
i'm tired of all you
i don't mean to be mean
but that's all i can be, it's just me
and i am whatever you say i am
if i wasn't, then why would i say i am?
in the paper, the news, everyday i am
(ha) radio won't even play my jam
'cause i am whatever you say i am
if i wasn't, then why would i say i am?
in the paper, the news, everyday i am
(ha) i don't know, that's just the way i am
sometimes i just feel like my father, i hate to be bothered
with all of this nonsense, it's constant
and, "oh, it's his lyrical content
the song "guilty conscience" has gotten such rotten responses"
and all of this controversy circles me
and it seems like the media immediately points a finger at me
so i point one back at 'em, but not the index or pinkie
or the ring or the thumb, it's the one you put up
when you don't give a fuck, when you won't just put up
with the bullshit they pull, 'cause they full of shit too
when a dude's gettin' bullied and shoots up his school
and they blame it on marilyn and the heroin
where were the parents at?
and look where it's at
middle america, now it's a tragedy
now it's so sad to see
an upper-class city havin' this happenin'
then attack eminem 'cause i rap this way, but i'm glad
'cause they feed me the fuel that i need for the fire to burn
and it's burnin', and i have returned
and i am whatever you say i am
if i wasn't, then why would i say i am?
in the paper, the news, everyday i am
radio won't even play my jam
'cause i am whatever you say i am
if i wasn't, then why would i say i am?
in the paper, the news, everyday i am
(ha) i don't know, that's just the way i am
i'm so sick and tired of bein' admired that i wish that i would just die or get fired
and dropped from my label, let's stop with the fables
i'm not gonna be able to top a "my name is"
and pigeon-holed into some poppy sensation
to cop me rotation at rock 'n' roll stations
and i just do not got the patience
to deal with these cocky caucasians who think
i'm some wigga who just tries to be black
'cause i talk with an accent and grab on my balls
so they always keep askin' the same fuckin' questions
what school did i go to, what hood i grew up in
the why, the who, what, when, the where, and the how
'til i'm grabbin' my hair and i'm tearin' it out (argh)
'cause they drivin' me crazy, i can't take it
i'm racin', i'm pacin', i stand, and i sit
and i'm thankful for every fan that i get
but i can't take a shit in the bathroom without someone standin' by it
no, i won't sign your autograph
you can call me an asshole, i'm glad
'cause i am whatever you say i am
if i wasn't, then why would i say i am?
in the paper, the news, everyday i am
radio won't even play my jam
'cause i am whatever you say i am
if i wasn't, then why would i say i am?
in the paper, the news, everyday i am
(ha) i don't know, that's just the way i am

--- Bad Guy ---
it's like i'm in the dirt, diggin' up old hurt
tried everything to get my mind off you, it won't work
all it takes is one song on the radio, you're
right back on it, remindin' me all over again
how you fuckin' just brushed me off and left me so burnt
spent a lot of time tryna soul search
maybe i needed to grow up a little first
well, looks like i hit a growth spurt
but i'm coming for closure
don't suppose an explanation i'm owed
for the way that you turned your back on me
just when i may have needed you most
oh, you thought it was over?
you could just close the
chapter and go about your life like it was nothin'
you ruined mine but you seem to be doin' fine
well, i've never recovered
but tonight, bet you that what you're
'bout to go through's tougher than anything i ever have suffered
can't think of a better way to define poetic justice
can i hold grudges? mind sayin', "let it go, fuck this"
heart's sayin', "i will, once i bury this bitch alive
hide the shovel and then drive off in the sunset" and
i flee the scene
like it was my last ride
you see right through
oh, you had me pegged the first time
you can see the truth
but it's easier to justify what's bad is good
and i hate to be the bad guy
i just hate to be the bad guy
(follow me, i ruh-uh-run, follow me, i ruh-uh-run)
i just hate to be the bad–
and to think i used to think you was the shit, bitch
to think it was you at one time i worshipped? shit
think you can hurt people and just keep gettin' away with it?
not this time, you better go and get the sewing kit, bitch
finish this stitch, so you can reap what you sew, nitwit
thought some time would pass and i'd forget it? forget it
you left our family in shambles
you expect me to just get over him, pretend he never existed?
may be gone but he's not forgotten
and don't think 'cause he's been out the picture
so long that i've stopped the plottin' and still ain't coming to get ya
you're wrong and that shit was rotten
and the way you played him, same shit you did to me, cold
have you any idea the shit that i've gone through?
feelin's i harbor? all this pent-up resentment i hold on to?
not once you call to ask me how i'm doin'
letters, you don't respond to 'em
fuck it, i'm comin' to see you
and, gee, who better to talk to than you?
the cause of my problems
my life is garbage, and i'm 'bout to take it out on ya
poof, then i'm gone, voosh
i flee the scene
like it was my last ride
you see right through
oh, you had me pegged the first time
you can see the truth
but it's easier to justify what's bad is good
and i hate to be the bad guy
i just hate to be the bad guy
(follow me, i ruh-uh-run, follow me, i ruh-uh-run)
i just hate to be the bad guy
(follow me, i ruh-uh-run, follow me, i ruh-uh, ruh-uh-un)
i've been drivin' around your side of this town
like nine frickin' hours and forty-five minutes now
finally, i found your new address, park in your drive
feel like i've been waitin' on this moment all of my life
and it's now arrived and my mouth is full of saliva
my knife is out and i'm duckin' on the side of your house
see, it's sad it came to this point
such a disappointment i had to make this appointment
to come and see ya, but i ain't here for your empathy
i don't need your apology or your friendship or sympathy
it's revenge that i seek, so i sneak
vengefully and treat your bedroom window like i reached my full potential – i peeked (haha)
continue to peep, still bent low, then keep
tapping the glass lightly then start to crescendo, sneak
all the way 'round to the back porch
man, door handles unlocked, shouldn't be that easy to do this
you don't plan for intruders beforehand?
surprised to see me? cat got your tongue?
gag, chloroform rag, dag, almost hack-up a lung
like you picked an axe up and swung, stick to the core plan
dragged to the back of a trunk by one of your fans
irony's spectacular, huh? now who's a faggot, you punk?
and here's your bronco hat, you can have that shit back 'cause they suck
it's just me, you and the music now, slim, i hope you hear it
we're in a car right now—wait, here comes my favorite lyric
"i'm the bad guy who makes fun of people that die"
and hey, here's a sequel to my mathers lp just to try to get people to buy
how's this for a publicity stunt? this should be fun
last album now 'cause after this you'll be officially done
eminem killed by m and m, matthew mitchell
bitch, i even have your initials, i initially was
gonna bury you next to my brother, but fuck it
since you're in love with your city so much, i figured, what the fuck
the best place you could be buried alive is right here
two more exits, time is quite near
hope we don't get stopped, no license i fear
that sirens i hear?
guess ninety on the freeway wasn't the brightest idea
as cops appear in my driver's side mirror
(oh, god, police, agh)
hope foxtrot gets an aerial shot of your burial plot, at least
new plan, stan
slim: "chauvinist pig drove in this big lincoln town car"
well, gotta go, almost at the bridge
haha, big bro, it's for you, slim, this is for him
and frank ocean; oh, hope you can swim good
now say you hate homos again
i also represent anyone on the receiving end of those jokes you offend
i'm the nightmare you fell asleep and then woke up still in
i'm your karma closin' in with each stroke of a pen
perfect time to have some remorse to show for your sin
nope, it's hopeless, i'm that denial that you're hopelessly in
when they say all of this is approachin' its end
but you refuse to believe that it's over, here we go all over again
back's to the wall, i'm stackin' up all them odds, toilets clogged
yeah, 'cause i'm talkin' a lot of shit, but i'm backin' it all up
but in my head there's a voice in the back and it hollers
after the track is demolished, i am your lack of a conscience
i'm the ringin' in your ears, i'm the polyps on the back of your tonsils
eatin' your vocal cords after your concerts
i'm your time that's almost up that you haven't acknowledged, grab for some water
but i'm that pill that's too jagged to swallow
i'm the bullies you hate that you became
with every faggot you slaughtered comin' back on ya
every woman you insult, batter
but the double-standard you have when it comes to your daughters
i represent everything you take for granted
'cause marshall mathers, the rapper's persona's half a facade
and matthew and stan's just symbolic
of you not knowin' what you have 'til it's gone
'cause after all the glitz and the glam, no more fans that are callin' your name
cameras are off, sad, but it happens to all of them
i'm the hindsight to say, "i told you so"
foreshadows of all the things that are to follow
i'm the future that's here to show you what happens tomorrow
if you don't stop after they call ya
biggest laughing stock of rap who can't call it quits
when it's time to walk away, i'm every guilt trip, the baggage you have, but
as you gather up all your possessions
if there's anything you have left to say
'less it makes an impact then don't bother
so 'fore you rest your case better make sure you're packin' a wallop
so, one last time, i'm back
'fore it fades into black and it's all over
behold the final chapter in a saga
tryna recapture that lightnin' trapped in a bottle twice
the magic that started it all
tragic portrait of an artist tortured
trapped in his own drawings
tap into thoughts blacker and darker than anything imaginable
here goes a wild stab in the dark
uh, as i pick up where the last mathers left off

--- Berzerk ---
now this shit's about to kick off, this party looks wack
let's take it back to straight hip-hop and start it from scratch
i'm 'bout to bloody this track up, everybody get back
that's why my pen needs a pad, 'cause my rhymes on the rag
just like i did with addiction, i'm 'bout to kick it
like a magician, critics i turn to crickets
got 'em still on the fence whether to picket
but quick to get it impaled when i tell 'em, "stick it!"
so sick, i'm looking pale—wait, that's my pigment
'bout to go ham, ya bish, shout out to kendrick
let's bring it back to that vintage slim, bitch!
the art of mcing mixed with da vinci and mc ren
and i don't mean stimpy's friend, bitch
been public enemy since you thought pe was gym, bitch
kick your shoes off, let your hair down
(and go berserk) all night long
grow your beard out, just weird out
(and go berserk) all night long
we're gonna rock this house until we knock it down
so turn the volume loud
'cause it's mayhem 'til the a.m.​
so, baby, make just like k-fed
and let yourself go, let yourself go
say, "fuck it!" before we kick the bucket
life's too short to not go for broke
so everybody, everybody (go berserk)
grab your vial, yeah
guess it's just the way that i'm dressed, ain't it?
khakis pressed, nike shoes crispy and fresh laced
so i guess it ain't that aftershave
or cologne that made 'em just faint
plus i showed up with a coat fresher than wet paint
so if love is a chess game, check mate
but girl, your body's bangin', jump me in, dang, bang-bang
yes siree 'bob', i was thinking the same thang
so come get on this kid's rock, baw with da baw, dang-dang
pow-p-p-p-pow, chica, pow, chica, wow-wow
got your gal blowin' up a valve, v-v-valve-valve
ain't slowin' it down, throw in the towel, t-t-towel-towel
dumb it down, i don't know how, huh-huh, how-how
at least i know that i don't know
question is, are you bozos smart enough to feel stupid?
hope so, now ho
kick your shoes off, let your hair down
(and go berserk) all night long
grow your beard out, just weird out
(and go berserk) all night long
we're gonna rock this house until we knock it down
so turn the volume loud
'cause it's mayhem 'til the a.m.​
so crank the bass up like crazy
and let yourself go, let yourself go
say, "fuck it!" before we kick the bucket
life's too short to not go for broke
so everybody, everybody (go berzerk)
get your vinyls
and they say that love is powerful as cough syrup in styrofoam
all i know is i fell asleep and woke up in that monte carlo
with the ugly kardashian, lamar, oh
sorry, yo—we done both set the bar low
far as hard drugs are, though, that's the past
but i done did enough codeine to knock future into tomorrow
and, girl, i ain't got no money to borrow
but i am tryin' to find a way to get you alone: car note
oh, marshall mathers
shithead with a potty mouth, get the bar of soap lathered
kangol's and carheartless cargos
girl, you're fixin' to get your heart broke
don't be absurd, ma'am, you birdbrain, baby
i ain't called anybody baby since birdman, unless you're a swallow (ha-ha!)
word, rick? (word, man, you heard)
but don't get discouraged, girl
this is your jam, unless you got toe jam
kick your shoes off, let your hair down
(and go berserk) all night long
grow your beard out, just weird out
(and go berserk) all night long
we're gonna rock this house until we knock it down
so turn the volume loud
'cause it's mayhem 'til the a.m.​
so, baby, make just like k-fed
and let yourself go, let yourself go
say, "fuck it!" before we kick the bucket
life's too short to not go for broke
so everybody, everybody (go berserk)
grab your vial, yeah
we're gonna rock this house until we knock it down
so turn the volume loud
'cause it's mayhem 'til the a.m.​
so crank the bass up like crazy
and let yourself go, let yourself go
say, "fuck it!" before we kick the bucket
life's too short to not go for broke
so everybody, everybody (go berzerk)
get your vials

--- Kill You ---
when i was just a little baby boy
my mama used to tell me these crazy things
she used to tell me my daddy was an evil man
she used to tell me he hated me
but, then, i got a little bit older and i realized she was the crazy one
but there was nothin' i could do or say to try to change it
'cause that's just the way she was
they said i can't rap about bein' broke no more
they ain't say i can't rap about coke no more (ah)
slut, you think i won't choke no whore?
'til the vocal cords won't work in her throat no more? (ah)
these motherfuckers are thinkin' i'm playin'
thinkin' i'm sayin' this shit 'cause i'm thinkin' it just to be sayin' it (ah)
put your hands down, bitch, i ain't gon' shoot you
i'ma pull you to this bullet and put it through you (ah)
shut up, slut! you're causin' too much chaos
just bend over and take it like a slut, okay, ma?
"oh, now he's rapin' his own mother
abusin' a whore, snortin' coke and we gave him the rolling stone cover?"
you goddamn right, bitch, and now it's too late
i'm triple platinum, and tragedies happened in two states
i invented violence, you vile venomous volatile vicious
vain vicodin, vrin, vrin, vrin
texas chainsaw, left his brains all danglin' from his neck while his head barely hangs on
blood, guts, guns, cuts
knives, lives, wives, nuns, sluts
bitch, i'ma kill you
you don't wanna fuck with me
girls neither
you ain't nothin' but a slut to me
bitch, i'ma kill you
you ain't got the balls to beef
we ain't gon' never stop beefin', i don't squash the beef
you better kill me
i'ma be another rapper dead for poppin' off at the mouth with shit i shouldn't have said
but when they kill me
i'm bringin' the world with me
bitches too
you ain't nothin' but a girl to me (i said)
you don't wanna fuck with shady ('cause why?)
'cause shady will fuckin' kill you (ah, haha)
i said you don't wanna fuck with shady (why?)
'cause shady will fuckin' kill you
(bitch, i'ma kill you) like a murder weapon
i'ma conceal you in a closet with mildew, sheets, pillows, and film you
fuck with me, i been through hell, shut the hell up
i'm tryna develop these pictures of the devil to sell 'em
i ain't acid rap, but i rap on acid
got a new blow-up doll and just had a strap-on added
whoops, is that a subliminal hint? no
just criminal intent to sodomize women again
eminem offend? no, eminem'll insult
and if you ever give in to him, you give him an impulse
to do it again, then if he does it again
you'll probably end up jumpin' out of somethin' up on the tenth (ah)
bitch, i'ma kill you
i ain't done, this ain't the chorus
i ain't even drug you in the woods yet to paint the forest
a bloodstain is orange after you wash it
three or four times in a tub, but that's normal, ain't it, norman?
serial killer hidin' murder material in a cereal box on top of your stereo
here we go again, we're out of our medicine
out of our minds and we want in yours, let us in
or i'ma kill you
you don't wanna fuck with me
girls neither
you ain't nothin' but a slut to me
bitch, i'ma kill you
you ain't got the balls to beef
we ain't gon' never stop beefin', i don't squash the beef
you better kill me
i'ma be another rapper dead for poppin' off at the mouth with shit i shouldn't have said
but when they kill me
i'm bringin' the world with me
bitches too
you ain't nothin' but a girl to me (i said)
you don't wanna fuck with shady ('cause why?)
'cause shady will fuckin' kill you (ah, haha)
i said you don't wanna fuck with shady (why?)
'cause shady will fuckin' kill you (haha)
know why i say these things?
'cause ladies' screams keep creepin' in shady's dreams
and the way things seem, i shouldn't have to pay these shrinks
these eighty gs a week to say the same things tweece
twice, whatever, i hate these things
fuck shots, i hope the weed'll outweigh these drinks
motherfuckers want me to come on their radio shows
just to argue with 'em 'cause their ratings stink
fuck that
i'll choke radio announcer to bouncer
from fat bitch to all seventy thousand pounds of her
from principal to the student body and counselor
from in-school to before-school or outta school
i don't even believe in breathin'
i'm leavin' air in your lungs just to hear you keep screamin' for me to seep it
okay, i'm ready to go play, i got the machete from o. j.​
i'm ready to make everyone's throats ache
you faggots keep eggin' me on 'til i have you at knifepoint, then you beg me to stop?
shut up, give me your hands and feet
i said shut up when i'm talkin' to you
you hear me? answer me
or i'ma kill you
you don't wanna fuck with me
girls neither
you ain't nothin' but a slut to me
bitch, i'ma kill you
you don't got the balls to beef
we ain't gon' never stop beefin', i don't squash the beef
you better kill me
i'ma be another rapper dead for poppin' off at the mouth with shit i shouldn't have said
but when they kill me
i'm bringin' the world with me
bitches too
you ain't nothin' but a girl to me
bitch, i'ma kill you
you don't wanna fuck with shady ('cause why?)
'cause shady will fuckin' kill you (haha)
i said you don't wanna fuck with shady (why not?)
'cause shady will fuckin' kill you
hahaha
i'm just playin', ladies
you know i love you

--- I’m Back ---
that's why they call me slim shady (i'm back)
i'm back (i'm back), i'm back (slim shady!)
that's why they call me slim shady (i'm back)
i'm back (i'm back), i'm back (slim shady!)
that's why they call me slim shady (i'm back)
i'm back (i'm back), i'm back (slim shady!)
that's why they call me slim shady (i'm back)
i'm back (i'm back), i'm back (slim shady-shady!)
i murder a rhyme, one word at a time
you never heard of a mind as perverted as mine
you better get rid of that .9, it ain't gonna help
what good's it gonna do against a man that strangles himself?
i'm waitin' for hell, like hell, shit, i'm anxious as hell
manson, you safe in that cell, be thankful it's jail
i used to be my mommy's little angel at twelve
thirteen, i was puttin' shells in a gauge on a shelf
i used to get punked and bullied on my block
'til i cut a kitten's head off and stuck it in this kid's mailbox (hey ma', ma'!)
i used to give a fuck, now i could give a fuck less
what do i think of success? it sucks, too much press
i'm stressed, too much cess, depressed, too upset
it's just too much mess, i guess i must just blew up quick (yes)
grew up quick (no), was raised right
whatever you say is wrong, whatever i say's right
you think of my name now whenever you say, "hi"
became a commodity 'cause i'm w-h-i-
t-e, 'cause mtv was so friendly to me
can't wait 'til kim sees me
now, is it worth it? look at my life, how is it perfect?
read my lips, bitch! what, my mouth isn't workin'?
you hear this finger? oh, it's upside down
here, let me turn this motherfucker up right now
that's why they call me slim shady (i'm back)
i'm back (i'm back), i'm back (slim shady!)
that's why they call me slim shady (i'm back)
i'm back (i'm back), i'm back (slim shady!)
that's why they call me slim shady (i'm back)
i'm back (i'm back), i'm back (slim shady!)
that's why they call me slim shady (shady!)
i'm back (i'm back), i'm back (slim shady!)
i take each individual degenerate's head and reach into it
just to see if he's influenced by me if he listens to music
and if he feeds into this shit, he's an innocent victim
and becomes a puppet on the string of my tennis shoe
(*scratches*) my name is slim shady
i been crazy way before radio didn't play me
the sensational (*scratch*), "back is the incredible!"
with ken kaniff, who just finds the men edible
it's ken kaniff on the internet
tryin' to lure your kids with him into bed (uh)
it's a sick world we live in these days
"slim, for pete's sakes, put down christopher reeve's legs!" ("oh, oh, oh, oh!")
geez, you guys are so sensitive
"slim, it's a touchy subject, try and just don't mention it"
mind with no sense in it, fried schizophrenic whose eyes get so squinted
i'm blind from smoke in 'em with my windows tinted
with nine limos rented, doin' lines of coke in 'em
with a bunch of guys hoppin' out, all high and indo-scented
and that's where i get my name from, that's why they call me—
they call me slim shady (i'm back)
i'm back (i'm back), i'm back (slim shady!)
that's why they call me slim shady (i'm back)
i'm back (i'm back), i'm back (slim shady!)
that's why they call me slim shady (i'm back)
i'm back (i'm back), i'm back (slim shady!)
that's why they call me slim shady (i'm back)
i'm back (i'm back), i'm back (back) (slim shady!)
i take seven {kids} from {columbine}, stand 'em all in line
add an ak-47, a revolver, a .9
a mac-11 and it oughta solve the problem of mine
and that's a whole school of bullies shot up all at one time (ahh! ahh! ahh!)
'cause i'm shady, they call me as crazy
as the world was over this whole y2k thing
and by the way, nsync, why do they sing?
am i the only one who realizes they stink?
should i dye my hair pink and care what y'all think
lip-sync and buy a bigger size of earrings?
it's why i tend to block out when i hear things
'cause all these fans screamin' is makin' my ears ring (ahh!)
so i just throw up a middle finger and let it linger
longer than the rumor that i was stickin' it to christina
'cause if i ever stuck it to any singer in showbiz
it'd be jennifer lopez and puffy, you know this
i'm sorry, puff, but i don't give a fuck
if this chick was my own mother, i'd still fuck her with no rubber
and cum inside her and have a son and a new brother
at the same time and just say that it ain't mine, what's my name?
i'm slim shady (*scratch*- slim, i'm back)
i'm back (i'm back), i'm back
that's why they call me slim shady (i'm back)
i'm back (*scratch*- i'm back), i'm back (i'm- *scratch*- i'm back)  (slim shady!)
that's why they call me slim shady (*scratches* slim, i'm back)
i'm back (i'm back), i'm back
they call me slim shady (i'm back)
i'm back (*scratch* i'm back), i'm back
guess who's b-back, back
gue-gue-guess who's back (hi, mom!)
{​​*scratch*}​​ guess who's back
{​​*scratch*}​​ gue— {​​*scratch*}​​ guess who's back
d-12 {​​*scratch*}​​ guess who's back
gue, gue-gue-gue, guess who's back
dr. dre {​​*scratch*}​​ guess who's back
back back {​​*scratch*}​​ back {​​*scratch*}​​
slim shady, 2001
i'm blew out from this blunt (*sighs*) fuck

--- Criminal ---
a lot of people ask me stupid fuckin' questions
a lot of people think that what i say on record
or what i talk about on a record
that i actually do in real life or that i believe in it
or if i say that i wanna kill somebody
that i'm actually gonna do it or that i believe in it
well, shit, if you believe that, then i'll kill you
you know why? 'cause i'm a criminal!
criminal! you're goddamn right
i'm a criminal! yeah, i'm a criminal!
my words are like a dagger with a jagged edge
that'll stab you in the head, whether you're a fag or lez
or a homosex, hermaph or a trans-a-vest
pants or dress, hate fags? the answer's yes
homophobic? nah, you're just heterophobic
starin' at my jeans, watchin' my genitals bulgin' (ooh!)
that's my motherfuckin' balls, you'd better let go of 'em
they belong in my scrotum, you'll never get hold of 'em!
"hey, it's me, versace! whoops, somebody shot me!
and i was just checkin' the mail, get it? checkin' the male?"
how many records you expectin' to sell
after your second lp sends you directly to jail?
come on, relax, guy! i like gay men
right, ken? give me an amen! (a-men!)
"please lord, this boy needs jesus
heal this child, help us destroy these demons
oh, and please send me a brand new car
and a prostitute while my wife's sick in the hospital"
preacher, preacher! fifth grade teacher!
you can't reach me, my mom can't neither
you can't teach me a goddamn thing 'cause
i watch tv and comcast cable
and you ain't able to stop these thoughts
you can't stop me from toppin' these charts
and you can't stop me from droppin' each march
with a brand new cd for these fuckin' retards (duh)
and to think, it's just little ol' me
mr. don't-give-a-fuck still won't leave
i'm a criminal!
'cause every time i write a rhyme, these people think it's a crime
to tell 'em what's on my mind, i guess i'm a criminal!
i don't gotta say a word, i just flip 'em the bird
and keep goin', i don't take shit from no one
i'm a criminal!
'cause every time i write a rhyme, these people think it's a crime
to tell 'em what's on my mind, i guess i'm a criminal!
i don't gotta say a word, i just flip 'em the bird
and keep goin', i don't take shit from no one
the mother did drugs, hard liquor, cigarettes and speed
the baby came out, disfigured ligaments, indeed
it was a seed who would grow up just as crazy as she
don't dare make fun of that baby, 'cause that baby was me
i'm a criminal, an animal caged who turned crazed
but how the fuck you supposed to grow up when you weren't raised?
so as i got older and i got a lot taller
my dick shrunk smaller, but my balls got larger
i drank more liquor to fuck you up quicker
than you'd wanna fuck me up for sayin' the word—
my morals went *thhbbpp* when the president got oral
sex in his oval office on top of his desk off of his own employee
now, don't ignore me, you won't avoid me
you can't miss me: i'm white, blonde-haired, and my nose is pointy
i'm the bad guy who makes fun of people that die
in plane crashes and laughs as long as it ain't happenin' to him
slim shady, i'm as crazy as em-
-inem and kim combined (the maniac's in)
in place of the doctor 'cause dre couldn't make it today
he's a little under the weather, so i'm takin' his place (mm-mm-mmm!)
oh, that's dre with an ak to his face
don't make me kill him too and spray his brains all over the place
i told you, dre, you should've kept that thang put away
i guess that'll teach you not to let me play with it, eh?
i'm a criminal!
mel-man: aight, look
eminem: uh-huh
mel-man: just go up in that motherfucker, get the motherfuckin' money and get the fuck up outta there
eminem: aight
mel-man: i'll be right here waitin' on you
eminem: aight
mel-man: yo, em
eminem: what?!
mel-man: don't kill nobody this time
eminem: awwright… goddamn, this motherfucker gets on my fuckin' nerves!
{*whistling*} how you doin'?
teller: hi, how can i help you?
eminem: yeah, i need to make a withdrawal
teller: okay
eminem: put the fuckin' money in the bag, bitch, and i won't kill you!
teller: what? oh my god, don't kill me!
eminem: i'm not gonna kill you, bitch, quit lookin' around
teller: don't kill me, i've got two kids at home don't kill me!
eminem: i said i'm not gonna fuckin' kill you
teller: don't kill me!
eminem: hurry the fuck up! {*gunshot*} thank you!
windows tinted on my ride when i drive in it (go, go, go!)
so when i rob a bank, run out and just dive in it
so i'll be disguised in it and if anybody identifies
the guy in it, i hide for five minutes
come back, shoot the eyewitness
fire at the private eye hired to pry in my business
die bitches, bastards, brats, pets
this puppy's lucky i didn't blast his ass yet
if i ever gave a fuck, i'd shave my nuts
tuck my dick in between my legs and cluck
you motherfuckin' chickens ain't brave enough
to say the stuff i say, so just tape it shut
shit, half the shit i say, i just make it up
to make you mad, so kiss my white naked ass
and if it's not a rapper that i make it as
i'ma be a fuckin' rapist in a jason mask
i'm a criminal!
'cause every time i write a rhyme, these people think it's a crime
to tell 'em what's on my mind, i guess i'm a criminal!
i don't gotta say a word, i just flip 'em the bird
and keep goin', i don't take shit from no one
i'm a criminal!
'cause every time i write a rhyme, these people think it's a crime
to tell 'em what's on my mind, i guess i'm a criminal!
i don't gotta say a word, i just flip 'em the bird
and keep goin', i don't take shit from no one
i'm a criminal!
'cause every time i write a rhyme, these people think it's a crime
to tell 'em what's on my mind, i guess i'm a criminal!
i don't gotta say a word, i just flip 'em the bird
and keep goin', i don't take shit from no one
i'm a criminal!
'cause every time i write a rhyme, these people think it's a crime
to tell 'em what's on my mind, i guess i'm a criminal!
i don't gotta say a word, i just flip 'em the bird
and keep goin', i don't take shit from no one
(i am) i'm a criminal!

--- Who Knew ---
(i never knew i, knew i, knew i)
(i never knew i, knew i, knew i) mic check, one-two
(i never knew i, knew i, knew i) who woulda knew?
(i never knew i, knew i, knew i) who woulda known?
(i never knew i, knew i, knew i) fuck would of thought?
(i never knew i, knew i, knew i) motherfucker comes out
(i never knew i, knew i, knew i) sells a couple of million records
(i never knew i, knew i, knew i) and these motherfuckers hit the ceiling
(i never knew i)
i don't do black music, i don't do white music (nope)
i make fight music for high school kids
i put lives at risk when i drive like this
i put wives at risk with a knife like this (ah!) (shit)
you probably think i'm in your tape deck now
i'm in the backseat of your truck with duct tape stretched out
ducked the fuck way down, waitin' to straight jump out
put it over your mouth, and grab you by the face — what now?
oh, you want me to watch my mouth? how?
take my fuckin' eyeballs out and turn 'em around? (look)
i'll burn your fuckin' house down, circle around
and hit the hydrant, so you can't put your burnin' furniture out (oh my god! oh my god!)
i'm sorry, there must be a mix-up
you want me to fix up lyrics while our president gets his dick sucked?
fuck that! take drugs, rape sluts
make fun of gay clubs, men who wear make-up
get aware, wake up, get a sense of humor
quit tryin' to censor music, this is for your kid's amusement (the kids!)
but don't blame me when little eric jumps off of the terrace
you shoulda been watchin' him, apparently you ain't parents
‘cause i never knew i, knew i would get this big
i never knew i, knew i'd affect this kid
i never knew i'd get him to slit his wrist
i never knew i'd get him to hit this bitch
i never knew i, knew i would get this big
i never knew i, knew i'd affect this kid
i never knew i'd get him to slit his wrist
i never knew i'd get him to hit this bitch
so who's bringin' the guns in this country? (hm?)
i couldn't sneak a plastic pellet gun through customs over in london
and last week i seen this schwarzenegger movie
where he's shootin' all sorts of these motherfuckers with a uzi
i see these three little kids up in the front row
screaming, "go!" with their seventeen-year-old uncle
i'm like, guidance?! ain't they got the same moms
and dads who got mad when i asked if they liked violence?
and told me that my tape taught 'em to swear?
what about the make-up you allow your twelve-year-old daughter to wear? (hm?)
so tell me that your son doesn't know any cuss words
when his bus driver's screamin' at him, fuckin' him up worse (go sit the fuck down, you little fucking prick!)
and "fuck" was the first word i ever learned
up in the third grade, flippin' the gym teacher the bird (look!)
so read up 'bout how i used to get beat up
peed on, be on free lunch and changed school every three months
my life's like kind of what my wife's like (what?)
fucked up after i beat her fuckin' ass every night: ike
so how much easier would life be if nineteen
million motherfuckers grew to be just like me?
‘cause i never knew i, knew i would get this big
i never knew i, knew i'd affect this kid
i never knew i'd get him to slit his wrist
i never knew i'd get him to hit this bitch
i never knew i, knew i would get this big
i never knew i, knew i'd affect this kid
i never knew i'd get him to slit his wrist
i never knew i'd get him to hit this bitch
i never knew i, knew i'd have a new house or a new car
a couple years ago, i was more poorer than you are
i don't got that bad of a mouth, do i?
fuck! shit! ass! bitch! cunt! shooby-de-doo-wop! (oops)
skibbedy-be-bop, a christopher reeves
sonny bono, skis, horses and hittin' some trees (hey)
how many retards'll listen to me
and run-up in the school shootin' when they're pissed at a tea-
-cher? her? him? is it you? is it them?
"wasn't me, slim shady said to do it again!"
damn, how much damage can you do with a pen?
man, i'm just as fucked up as you woulda been
if you woulda been in my shoes, who woulda thought
slim shady would be somethin' that you woulda bought?
that woulda made you get a gun and shoot at a cop
i just said it, i ain't know if you'd do it or not
‘cause i never knew i, knew i would get this big
i never knew i, knew i'd affect this kid
i never knew i'd get him to slit his wrist
i never knew i'd get him to hit this bitch
i never knew i, knew i would get this big
i never knew i, knew i'd affect this kid
i never knew i'd get him to slit his wrist
i never knew i'd get him to hit this bitch
how the fuck was i supposed to know?

--- Legacy ---
tell me where to go
tell me what to do
i'll be right there for you
tell me what to say
no matter if it's true
i'll say it all for you
i used to be the type of kid
that would always think the sky is fallin'
why am i so differently wired? am i a martian?
what kind of twisted experiment am i involved in?
‘cause i don't belong in this world
that's why i'm scoffin' at authority, defiant often
flyin' off at the handle at my mom
no dad, so i am noncompliant at home
at school i'm just shy and awkward
and i don't need no goddamn psychologist
tryna diagnose why i have all these underlyin' problems
thinkin' he can try and solve 'em
i'm outside chalkin' up drawings
on the sidewalk and in the front drive talkin'
to myself, either that or inside hidin' off in
the corner somewhere quiet, tryin' not to
be noticed ‘cause i'm cryin' and sobbin'
i had a bad day at school so i ain't talkin'
some cocksucker shoved me into a fuckin' locker
‘cause he said that i eye-balled him
and if you fall, i'll get you there
i'll be your savior from (yeah) all the wars
that are fought inside your world
please have faith in my words
‘cause this is my legacy, legacy, yeah
this is my legacy, legacy, yeah
there's no guarantee
it's not up to me, we can only see
this is my legacy, legacy, legacy, legacy
i used to be the type of kid that would always think the sky's fallin'
why am i so differently wired in my noggin?
‘cause sporadic as my thoughts come, it's mind-bogglin'
‘cause i obsess on everything in my mind, small shit
bothers me, but not my father, he said sayonara
then split, but i don’t give a shit
i'm fine long as there's batteries in my walkman
nothing is the matter with me
shit, look on the bright side, at least i ain't walkin'
i bike ride through the neighborhood of my apartment
complex on a ten-speed which i've acquired parts that
i find in the garbage, a frame then put tires on it
headphones on, look straight ahead if kids try and start shit
but if this is all there is for me life offers
why bother even tryin' to put up a fight? it's nonsense
but i think a light bulb just lit up in my conscience
what about them rhymes i've been jottin'?
they are kind of giving me confidence
instead of tryin' to escape through my comics
why don't i just blast a little something like onyx?
to put me in the mood to wanna fight and write songs that
say what i wanna say to the kid that said that i eye-balled him
grab hold of my balls, like, "that's right, fight's on, bitch!"
who woulda knew, from the moment i turned the mic on, that
i could be iconic in my conquest?
that's word to phife dawg from a tribe called quest
this is my legacy, legacy, yeah
this is my legacy, legacy, yeah
there's no guarantee
it's not up to me, we can only see
this is my legacy, legacy, legacy, legacy
i used to be the type of kid that would always think the sky's fallin'
now i think the fact that i'm differently wired's awesome
‘cause if i wasn't, i wouldn't be able to work words like this
and connect lines like crosswords
and use my enemy's words as strength
to try and draw from, and get inspired off 'em
‘cause all my life i was told and taught i am not shit
by you wack fuckin' giant sacks of lyin' dog shit
now you shut up, bitch, i am talkin'
thought i was full of horseshit
and now you fuckin' worship the ground on which i am walkin'
me against the world, so what? i'm brian dawkins
versus the whole 0-16 lions offense
so bring on the giants, falcons, and miami dolphins
it's the body bag game, bitch, i'm supplyin' coffins
‘cause you dicks butt kiss, bunch of brian baldingers
you're gon' die a ball-licker, i've been diabolical
with this dialogue since '99 rawkus
you don't respect the legacy i leave behind, y'all can
suck a dick; the day you beat me, pigs'll fly out my ass
in a flyin' saucer full of italian sausage
the most high exaltin' and i ain't haltin'
'til i die of exhaustion, inhale my exhaust fumes
the best part about me is i am not you
i'm me, and i'm the fire marshall, and this is my—
this is my legacy, legacy, yeah
this is my legacy, legacy, yeah
there's no guarantee
it's not up to me, we can only see
this is my legacy, legacy, legacy, legacy

--- Survival ---
yeah
this is survival of the fittest
this is do or die
this is the winner takes it all
so, take it all, a-all, a-all, a-all
wasn't ready to be no millionaire, i was ill-prepared
i was prepared to be ill though, the skill was there
from the beginning it wasn't 'bout the ends, it was 'bout
bustin' raps and standin' for somethin', fuck an acronym
cut the fuckin' act like you're happy, i'm fuckin' back again
with another anthem – why stop when it doesn't have to end?
it ain't over 'til i say it's over, enough when i say enough
throw me to them wolves and close the gate up, i'm afraid of what'll happen to them wolves when the thought of being thrown
into an alligator pit, i salivate at it, wait is up
hands up like it's 12 noon, nah, homie, hold them bitches straighter up
wave 'em 'til you dislocate a rotator cuff
came up rough, came to ruffle feathers, nah, egos, i ain't deflate enough
last chance to make this whole stadium erupt, 'cause—
this is survival of the fittest
this is do or die
this is the winner takes it all
so, take it all, a-all, a-all, a-all
i can see the finish line with each line that i finish
i'm so close to my goals, i can almost pole vault over the goal post
and if i don't got enough in the tank, maybe i can just siphon enough
to fill up this last can, man, will i survive in this climate or what?
they said i was washed-up and got a bloodbath
i'm not a rapper, i'm an adapter: i can adjust
plus, i can just walk up to a mic and just bust
so, floor's open if you'd like to discuss
top 5 in this muh'fucka, and if i don't make the cut
what? like i give a fuck, i'ma light this bitch up like i'm driving a truck
through the side of a pump, zero to sixty, hop in and gun it
like g-unit without the hyphen, i'm hyping 'em up
and if there should ever come a time where my life's in a rut
and i look like i might just give up, eh, might've mistook
me for bowin' out, i ain't takin' a bow, i'm stabbin' myself
with a fuckin' knife in the gut while i'm wipin' my butt
'cause i just shitted on the mic and i like gettin' cut
i get excited at the sight of my blood, you're in a fight with a nut
'cause i'ma fight 'til i die or win, bitin' the dust
it'll just make me angrier; wait, let me remind you of what
got me this far, picture me quittin'
now draw a circle around it and put a line through it, slut
it's survival of what?
this is survival of the fittest
this is do or die
this is the winner takes it all
so, take it all, a-all, a-all, a-all
so, take it all, a-all, a-all, a-all
(yeah) so, get your ideas, stack your ammo
but don't come unless you come to battle, now mount up, jump in the saddle
this is it—it's what you eat, sleep, piss and shit
live, breathe, your whole existence just consists of this
refuse to quit, fuse is lit, can't defuse the wick
i don't do this music shit, i'll lose my shit
ain't got shit to lose, it's the moment of truth, it's all i know how to do
as soon as i get thrown in a booth, i spit
but my respect is overdue, i'm showin' you the flow no one do
'cause i don't own no diploma for school, i quit
so there's nothin' for me to fall back on, i know no other trade
so you better trade your fuckin' mics in for some tool-box-es
'cause you'll never take my pride from me, it'll have to be pried from me
so, pull out your pliers and your screwdrivers
but i want you to doubt me, i don't want you to buh-lieve
'cause this is somethin' that i must use to succeed
and if you don't like me, then fuck you
self-esteem must be fuckin' shootin' through the roof, 'cause trust me
my skin is too thick and bulletproof to touch me
i can see why the fuck i disgust you, i must be
allergic to failure, 'cause everytime i come close to it
i just sneeze, but i just go achoo then a-chieve
this is survival of the fittest
this is do or die
this is the winner takes it all
so, take it all, a-all, a-all, a-all
so, take it all, a-all, a-all, a-all

--- Rhyme or Reason ---
yeah, yeah
yeah, yeah yeah
("what's your name?") 
marshall
("who's your daddy?") 
i don't have one
my mother reproduced like the komodo dragon
and had me on the back of a motorcycle, then crashed in
the side of loco-motive with rap, i'm
loco, it's like handing a psycho a loaded handgun
michelangelo with a paint gun in a tantrum
'bout to explode all over the canvas
back with the yoda of rap, "in a spasm
your music usually has 'em
but waned for the game your enthusiasm it hasn't
follow you must, rick rubin my little padawan."
a jedi in training, colossal brain and
thoughts are entertainin'
but docile and impossible to explain and, i'm also vain and
probably find a way to complain about a picasso painting
puke skywalker, but sound like chewbacca when i talk
full of such blind rage, i need a seein' eye dog
can't even find the page i was writing this rhyme on
oh, it's on the ram-page
couldn't see what i wrote, i write small
it says, "ever since i drove a '79 lincoln with whitewalls
had a fire in my heart
and a dire desire to aspire to die hard."
so as long as i'm on the clock, punching this time card
hip-hop ain't dying on my watch
now sometimes when i'm sleepin'
she comes to me in my dreams
is she taken? is she mine?
don't got time, don't care, don't have two shits to give
let me take you by the hand to promised land
and threaten everyone
'cause there's no rhyme or no reason for nothing
("now, what's your name?") marshall
("who's your daddy?") 
i don’t know him, but i wonder—
("is he rich like me?") 
ha
("has he taken any time to show you what you need to live?")
no, if he had
he wouldn't have ended up in these rhymes on my pad
i wouldn't be so mad, my attitude wouldn't be so bad
yeah, dad, i'm the epitome and the prime
example of what happens when the power of the rhyme
falls into the wrong hands and
makes you want to get up and start dancin'
even if it is charles manson
who just happens to be rappin', blue lights flashin'
laughin' all the way to the bank, lampin' in my k-mart mansion
i’m in the style department
with a pile in my cart, rippin' the aisle apart but
with great power comes
absolutely no responsibility for content
completely despondent and condescending
the king of nonsense and controversy is on a
beat-killing spree, your honor
i must plead guilty, 'cause i sparked a revolution
rebel without a cause who caused the evolution
of rap, to take it to the next level, boost it
but several rebuked it, and whoever produced it
("hip-hop is the devil's music")
does that mean it belongs to me?
'cause i just happen to be a white honky devil with two horns
that don't honk but every time i speak you hear a beep
but lyrically i never hear a peep, not even a whisper
rappers better stay clear of me, bitch, 'cause it's the—
it's the time of the season
when hate runs high
and this time, i won't give it to you easy
when i take back what's mine
with pleasured hands
and torture everyone, that is my plan
my job here isn't done
'cause there's no rhyme or no reason for nothing
("what's your name?") 
shady
("who's your daddy?") 
i don’t give a fuck, but i wonder
("is he rich like me?") 
doubt it, ha
("has he taken any time to show you what you need to live?")
so, yeah, dad, let's walk
let's have us a father-and-son talk
but i bet we wouldn't probably get one block
without me knocking your block off, this is all your fault
maybe that's why i'm so bananas i appealed to all those walks
of life, whoever had strife
maybe that's what dad and son talks are like
'cause i related to the struggles of young america
when their fucking parents were unaware of their troubles
now they're rippin' out their fuckin' hair again, it's hysterical
i chuckle as everybody bloodies their bare knuckles
yeah, uh-oh, better beware, knuckle heads
the sign of my hustle says:
"don't knock”, the door's broken, it won't lock
it might just fly open, get cold-cocked
you critics come to pay me a visit?
misery loves company, please stay a minute
kryptonite to a hypocrite
zip your lip if you dish it but can't take it
too busy gettin' stoned in your glass house
to kick rocks, then you wonder why i lash out
mr. mathers as advertised on the flyers, so spread the word
'cause i'm promoting my passion 'til i'm passed out
completely brain-dead: rain man
doing a bankhead in a restraint chair
so, bitch, shoot me a look, it better be a blank stare
or get shanked in the pancreas
i'm angrier than all eight other reindeer
put together with chief keef 'cause i hate every fuckin' thang, yeah
even this rhyme, bitch
and quit tryin' look for a fuckin' reason for it that ain't there
but i still am a "criminal"
ten-year-old degenerate grabbin' on my genitals
the last mathers lp done went diamond
this time i'm predicting that this one will go emerald (hehe)
when will the madness end?
how can it when there's no method to the pad and pen?
the only message that i have to send
is: "dad, i'm back at it again"
bitch (who's your daddy?)

--- Wicked Ways ---
i'm gettin' by with my wicked ways
i'm loadin' up and i'm takin' names
i wanna dig my way to hell
i wanna dig my way to hell
i'm getting by with my wicked ways
i'm loading up and i'm taking names
i wanna dig my way to hell
i wanna dig my way to hell
guess i got a way with words, i could get away with murder
ever heard of asperger's? it's a rare condition
it's what you're sufferin' from when you simply don't care if it's an
eighty degree day and there's no frickin' air conditionin'
and you can't see the bitch's hair is frizzin'
'cause you got the windows up, blarin' the system
in your chevrolet prizm
the devil ain't on a level same as him
picture someone who revels in straight masochism
then imagine him givin' an adjective an ass-whoopin'
so bad they should put his ass in prison
a word bully, i verbally abuse verbs
like they did somethin' to me personally
used to get bullied, so i'd cut class and ditch it
now i bully rap, i'm the shit, faggot (sniff it)
cadillac from a k car
my ass from a hole in the ground, still can't tell 'em apart
came straight out the trailer park
screamin', "i'm proud to shop at k-mart," and it became art
and i'm still fed up and as pissed off as they are
to this day i still get in fights with the same broad
at the same walmart, arguin' over the same cart
in the middle of the aisle, whilin', i don't give a fuck, i don't play
bitch, you think you saw this basket first?
you're ass-backwards like motherfuckin' bob and silent jay
illest shit you could think i would say
mind's like a pile of clay
when's the last time that you saw a villain with a cape
ripped a gapin' hole in it, flipped out
ripped down the drapes, tied 'em around my neck
went down the fire escape of the empire state (oh)
slipped, fell straight down to the ground
splattered all over the entire state
and straight to hell, got impaled by the gates (ooh)
saw satan, stuck his face in an ashtray
while i sashayed around flames with a match
and i gave him the gas face
and this ain't got nothin' to do with a scale
or being gay, little faggot, but by the way
thoughts are gettin' darker by the day
i'm a combination of skylar grey
tyler, the creator, and violent j
it's a fuckin' miracle to be this lyrical
paint my face with clown makeup and a smiley face
i'm insane, every rhyme i say
suns you like an ultra-violet ray
i'm sellin' hatred, buffet style, all the shit you can eat
$11.99, so come on and pile a plate
i'm throwin' down the gauntlet to see what hell i can raise
with the rhyme i'm spittin' while i'm shittin' on competition
in the meantime, it's always mean time, i'm gettin'—
i'm gettin' by with my wicked ways
i'm loadin' up and i'm takin' names
i wanna dig my way to hell
i wanna dig my way to hell
i'm getting by with my wicked ways
i'm loading up and i'm taking names
i wanna dig my way to hell
i wanna dig my way to hell
i've been a career asshole
i don't see why these people always got my back
i done said so much fucked up shit
i was born a mistake, but i was put here not by accident
i had a purpose and that purpose
was to beat a beat purplish, slaughter tracks
i done put my two dimes and a nickel in this shit
i'm comin' to get that quarter back
like ndamukong, the drama can build
your mama can ask me for my autograph
'cause that cougar's a milf
she's the oldest trick in the book, but i sure would fall for that
you done brought a bat to a rocket launcher fight
when i get on the mic i'ma snap
make you wish the ambulance that took me to the hospital
when i overdosed woulda caught a flat
if it makes you sick to your stomach, acid indigestion
my suggestion's kaopectate
if it feels like i'm runnin' away with the game
it's 'cause i am, don't speculate, spectate
all i got is dick for days and insults for decades
but i get by with my wicked ways
lady, you can suck a dick 'til your neck aches
cry 'til you get puffy eyes, red faced
but i'm leavin' on this jet plane
you ain't fly, you're an airhead
and i'm sick of poundin' a square peg in a round hole
sorry, another catchphrase
but your baggage ain't gon' fit in my storage overhead space
'cause it just ain't big enough to fit your damaged goods
other words: don't try to put your heart in a headcase
'cause, baby, stable mentally i ain't
i need my meds, i peed my bed
i'm going blind, i don't see my legs, i keep on falling down
no wonder you can't stand me, i need my cane
someone help me, i think my face is melting
if you felt these migraines
and see these maggots eat my brain
this g-i-a-n-t hole in my empty head
if you read my mind, you can see my pain
and you'd see why i be this way
ever since i was knee-high playin'
with g.i. joes, told these hoes shut their p-i-e holes, now peep my game
'cause i'm 'bout it ('bout it)
like a fuckin' (fuckin') echo (echo)
(psych) psycho on a cyclone cycle, spiralin', here i go
i'm outta control like no
other mic go, stab you 'til the knife goes
dull, i'm nothin' but a hole inside your skull where your eye goes
'cause i'ma sock it to you
dyke ho, you don't like it?
get on your harley davidson menstrual cycle and ride it like a motorbike
i'm finna blow the mic the whole night, so strike up the fuckin' maestro, i'm nitro
and hi, ho, hand me my shovel!, i'm liable to dig my hole
deeper and it's off to h-e double hockey sticks, i go
i'm gettin' by with my wicked ways
i'm loadin' up and i'm takin' names
i wanna dig my way to hell
i wanna dig my way to hell
i'm getting by with my wicked ways
i'm loading up and i'm taking names
i wanna dig my way to hell
i wanna dig my way to hell
oh, please be empty, please be empty, please be empty
oh, thank you, god, oh
shit
the fuck?
the fuck?
is that a girl?
eh, oh
yeah, i'm gonna rock this blouse and put a cock in mouth
and get my balls blew out
and get gay into the a.m.​
and lay with eighteen guys naked
and let myself show, let myself show (how do i know that voice?)
buttfuck it, suck it, pull it, tug it
life's too short to not stroke your bone (fuckin' serious?)
so everybody, everybody
circle jerk, touch my body, ayy, f—, ayy (ah)
mm, who is that?
where are you going?
eh, come back
why does everyone always leave me?
hello?
well, fuck you then
blow it out your ass

--- Baby ---
one thousand different houses and münchausen
i'ma make you wanna punch out
some-fuckin'-one: "ouch, what the fuck you hit me for?"
screamed life as i punch counter, in bunches out of anger
i once encountered a stranger in a dumb gown
black hood with a scythe, shit, i laughed in his face, spit
bitch gave me an extra life, like, "take this
now get your ass back in that game, bitch
don't take shit for granted, and don't take shit, give it"
only bull you should take is by the horns
a mixture of whitey ford and mighty thor
i everlast, pen is mightier than sword
finish writin', then record, replenish, keep writin' more
nothing's ridin' on it but your pride, that's all you're fightin' for
so you fight, scratch, you claw, backs to wall
no one was there to catch you fall
you pick yourself back up, you dust your jacket off
you grab your balls like they're gargantuan and ask yourself how fuckin' bad you want it
pull out your badge for whoopin' ass and flash it on 'em
nobody's gonna back you in the corner, you're a hornet
no one's more ignorant than you, fuckin' four in the mornin'
you're at the laboratory, stormin' like there's nothin' that's more important
emcees, you better consider this a formal warnin', you're in for it
girl, what would you do if i said your body was off the chain
and i told you i smile every single time i saw your face?
i ain't finished, bitch, i meant "in half", oil the blades
nobody wants to play, they say i'm a spoiled lil' baby, but—
nobody puts baby in the corner
i'm only tryna warn ya
'cause that baby gets mad and gets to throwin' a tantrum
he'll fuckin' flip on ya
'cause nobody puts baby in the corner
i'm only tryna warn ya
'cause that baby gets mad and gets to throwin' a tantrum
he'll fuckin' flip on ya
what goes through an addict's brain besides static pain and big daddy kane
breakbeats and words? an erratic train of thought
like splatter paint, scatter brain
yeah, maybe that explains why you're back, but don't rap the same (yeah)
and you're lookin' way thinner
'cause your hunger got you lookin' like they took away dinner (chicka)
"sugar ray" leonard wouldn't sugar-coat a fuckin' booger, though
just to wipe that bitch on a hooker's coat
when you say you're a (chicka) what? (chicka) goat
now fling that bitch from your fingertips
hope it lands on another rap singer's lips who can't think of shit
anything of wit that's interesting to spit, yo, who's king of this fuckin' english lit?
let your middle fingers flip on each hand while extendin' the shit
how low can you go? lower than chuck d, ho
hear the bassiness in my voice? rocky's back, where my adrians?
nobody's crazy as shady in an eighty million mile radius
i'm what tom brady is to the patriots to rap
i'm not a man, i'm a weapon
who just happened to be a rapper, who just happen to be on the crapper
when it happened i had an epiphany in the bathroom
i'd never be the same after now i'm back with an appe-
-tite for destruction and a fuckin' recipe for disaster
so let's eat, 'cause i'm famished, every deed is a dastardly one
evilest bastard, even you askin' for me to be po-
-lite to people's like me havin' my teeth pulled
nobody puts baby in the corner
i'm only tryna warn ya
'cause that baby gets mad and gets to throwin' a tantrum
he'll fuckin' flip on ya
'cause nobody puts baby in the corner
i'm only tryna warn ya
'cause that baby gets mad and gets to throwin' a tantrum
he'll fuckin' flip on ya
so step inside a dimension demented side of a mind that's like an inside of an engine
while i multiply your undivided attention
but be reminded: if i didn't mention
i lose my mind and my temper, you'll be the first one who finds him offensive
got him climbin' the fences, lost some time to addiction
but look up "rhyme" in the dictio-
-nary, i'm in the picture
"eminem" is the synonym for it, i'm an enigma
fuck it, let's get to the meatballs, i'm gonna skip the
veg' and potatoes, edumacator (they are)
shit, legends are made of, spit treacherous data
shit that you would say to your worst enemy
this wretched is what you get when you mix treach with a jada
then combine 'em with method man and redman
with methamphetamines in each left hand
in each right is a sledgehammer
in pajamas, standin' in front of a webcam
beatin' themselves in the head 'til russell lets him off def jam
maybe i need my head exam-ed
hannibal lecter with a dead lamb
hangin' from his ceiling, drippin' with a bed pan
i need meds, swear to god, 'cause if i go off the edge
t.i. ain't talkin' me off the ledge, man (ah)
heart-throb that'll fart, ah, nah
more like a smart slob, part blob that'll stab you with a sharp ob-
-ject to the heart and leave claw marks all over the walmart walls
little baby with large balls
fuck mud-slingin', i'm blood-flingin'
there's nothing on this fuckin' earth better than bein' the king of the playground
i hate the swings, but i love bein' an underdog
'cause when i'm pushed i end up swingin' (ah)
nobody puts baby in the corner
i'm only tryna warn ya
'cause that baby gets mad and gets to throwin' a tantrum
he'll fuckin' flip on ya
'cause nobody puts baby in the corner
i'm only tryna warn ya
'cause that baby gets mad and gets to throwin' a tantrum
he'll fuckin' flip on ya

--- Stronger Than I Was ---
you used to say that i'd never be
nothin' without you, and i'd believe
i'm shot in the lungs, i gasp, i can't breathe
just lay here with me, baby, hold me please
and i'd beg and i'd plead, drop to knees
and i'd cry and i'd scream, "baby, please don't leave"
snatch the keys from your hand, i would squeeze
and you'd laugh, and you'd tease, you're just fucking with me
and you must hate me
why do you date me if you say i make you sad?
and you've had enough of me
i smother you, i'm 'bout to jump off the edge
but you won't break me, you'll just make me
stronger than i was
before i met you, i bet you i'll be just
fine without you
and if i stumble, i won't crumble
i'll get back up and uhh
but i'ma still be humble when i scream "fuck you"
'cause i'm stronger than i was
beautiful face is all that you have
'cause on the inside you're ugly and mad
but you're all that i love, i grasp, you can't leave
please stay here with me, baby, hold me please
and i'd beg and i'd plead, drop to knees
and i'd cry and i'd scream, "baby, please don't leave"
but you left and you took everything i had left
and left nothin', nothin' for me
so, please don't wake me from this dream, baby
we're still together in my head
and you're still in love with me
'til i woke up to discover that that dream was dead
but you won't break me, you'll just make me
stronger than i was
before i met you, i bet you i'll be just
fine without you
and if i stumble, i won't crumble
i'll get back up and uhh
but i'ma still be humble when i scream "fuck you"
'cause i'm stronger than i was
you walked out, i almost died
it was almost a homicide
that you caused, 'cause i was so traumatized
felt like i was in for a long bus ride
i'd rather die than you not by my side
can't count how many times i vomited, cried
go to my room, turn the radio on and hide
thought we were bonnie and clyde
nah, on the inside you were jekyll and hyde
i felt like my whole relationship with you was a lie
it was you and i, why did i think it was ride or die?
'cause if you coulda took my life you woulda
it's like you put a knife through my chest and pushed it right through to the
other side of my back and stuck a spike too, shoulda
put up more of a fight, but i couldn't
at the time, no one could hurt me like you coulda
take you back now, what's the likelihood of that?
bite me, bitch, chew on a nineteen footer!
'cause this morning i finally stood up
held my chin up, finally showed a sign of life in me for the
first time since you left
and left me with nothin' but shattered dreams and the life we coulda
had and we coulda been
but i'm breakin' out of this slump i'm in
pullin' myself out of the dumps once again
i'm gettin' up once and for all, fuck this shit
i'ma be late for the pity party
but you're never gonna beat me to the fuckin' punch again
took it on the chin like a champ
so don't lump me in with them chump-ions
i'm done bein' your punchin' bag
it was november 31st today
woulda been our anniversary
two years, but you left on the 1st of may
i wrote it on a calendar, was gonna call
but couldn't think of the words to say
but they came to me just now
so i put 'em in a verse to lay
and i thank you (uh), 'cause you made me (uh)
a better person than i was
but i hate you (uh), 'cause you drained me (uh)
i gave you all, you gave me none
but if you blame me (uh), you're crazy (uh)
and after all is said and done
i'm still angry, yeah, i may be
i may never trust someone
but you won't break me, you'll just make me
stronger than i was
before i met you, i bet you i'll be just
fine without you
and if i stumble, i won't crumble
i'll get back up and uhh
but i'ma still be humble when i scream "fuck you"
'cause i'm stronger than i was

--- Love Game ---
something's burnin', i can't figure out what (out what)
it's either lust or a cloud of dust, judgement is clouded, must
just be the powder from the power of love
but i'm in somethin' i don't know how to get out of
left my girl in the house alone
is that my soon-to-be-spouse's moan?
and the further i walk, the louder (ah)
pause for a minute to make certain that's what i heard
'cause after all, this is her place
so i give her the benefit of the doubt, i
think i might be about to bust her, bust her
the thought's scary, yo, though and it hurts, brace
hope it ain't, "here we go, yo"
'cause my head already goes to worst-case scenario
though in the first place (ah, fuck)
but you confirmed my low-end theory though (ah)
should've known when i made it all the way to third base
and that was only the first date, could've made it to home plate
but you slid straight for the dome and dove face first
"no, you don't understand
i don't do this for anyone ever"
yeah, that ain't what they all say? i'll say
you can suck a softball through a straw
used to be my fiancé
'til you sucked on wayne, andré, and kanye
lebron, akon, jay, lil jon, raekwon, ma$e
polow da don, dre, dante ross, james conway, kwamé
guess i'm gettin' my g-goddang jigga on, eh?
'cause your name, i'm beyond sayin' (ha)
but fuck it, i'm movin' on, you women are all cray
but i'll probably always keep on playin' the
game of love, love, love, love
la-la-la-la-la-love
she doesn't love me, no, she don't love me no more
she hates my company, guess she don't love me no more
i tried to get her up out of my head, left my bags at the door
she screamed she loved me like she never did before
and i told her, "go where you wanna
go do what you wanna do, i don't care"
and i told her, "go where you wanna
go do what you wanna do, i don't care"
i told that bitch, "i'm a sucker for love, you a sucker for dick"
suckin' dick in your mama tub, then your granny walked in
told the stupid nigga to duck under the water, he drowned
like an abortion, they booked you for manslaughter
you beat the case and i called ya
"sherane is not available, now leave a message at the tone
and kendrick, don't forget to buy two pair of those expensive heels, you little fuckin' ferris wheel
fuckin' spinnin' on me—fuck you think, we gon' get married still?
fuckin' mary had a little lamb, this ain't no fairy tale
fairy godmama better tell you how i fuckin' feel
like you should fuckin' beat it or fuckin' eat it while i'm on my period
now have a blessed day," bitch, you serious?
i'm in the mirror with this look on my face, curious
why you ain't fuckin' with me? you cut me deep as caesarean
you know i want you bad as a benjamin, i'm delirious
i want you bad as the head shattered on george zimmerman
after the dillinger hit him diligently and killin' him
his mouthpiece for a cadillac emblem
that's analogy and metaphor for you
i should win a medal for all the ways i adore you
this is me talkin' cordial, yeah, i got some home trainin'
that ain't what you like, ain't it? what about if i was as famous as marshall?
would you give fellatio in the carpool?
cops pull us over, they just wanna know if you gargle
singin', "i hope she's good enough
meanwhile, you're chasin' her"
chlamydia couldn't even get rid of her
pity the fool and pity the fool in me, i'ma live with her
game of love, love, love, love
la-la-la-la-la-love
she doesn't love me, no, she don't love me no more
she hates my company, guess she don't love me no more
i tried to get her up out of my head, left my bags at the door
she screamed she loved me like she never did before
and i told her, "go where you wanna
go do what you wanna do, i don't care"
and i told her, "go where you wanna
go do what you wanna do, i don't care"
so needless to say i'm feelin' betrayed, snatch my house key off her keychain
she jumps off wee-bey from the wire's dick, now she's chasin' me with a cheese grater
here goes that broken record cliché, it's all my fault anyway
she's turnin' the tables, i'm a beat-break
she treats my face like serato, she cuts and scratches like a dj
each day is an instant replay
they say what we display is symptomatic of addict behavior
back together, but forgot today was her b-day
she cut me off on the freeway
simple misunderstandin', but just as i went to slam on the brakes
that's when i realized that she may be crazy as me, wait
bitch, cut my fuckin' brakeline
stepped on them fuckers eight times
still goin' seventy-three, thank god there's an exit comin' up
what the mother-f-u-c-k's wrong with her?
hit the off ramp 'til i coasted to a goshdamn halt
hit a fuckin' tree, now here she comes at full speed
she's racin' at me, "okay, you wanna fuck with me, eh?"
snatch that bitch out her car through the window
she's screamin', i body slam her on the cement
until the concrete gave and created a sinkhole
buried the stink ho in it, then paid to have the street repaved
(the fuck?) woke up in a dream state
in a cold sweat, like i got hit with a freeze ray during a heat wave
guess i eventually caved though, 'cause she's layin' next to me in bed
directly aimin' a gat at my head
woke up again and jumped up, like, "fuck it, i've had it
i'm checkin' into rehab," i confess i'm a static addict
i guess that's why i'm so clingy
every girl i've ever had either says i got too much baggage
or i'm too fuckin' dramatic
man, what the fuck is the matter? i'm just a fuckin' romantic
i fuckin' love you, you fuckin' bitch, combative, possessive
in fact last time i was mad at an ex
i actually set off a chain reaction of tragic events
i said, "hit the road", then after she left
i sent that bitch a text that said, "be careful drivin'
don't read this and have an accident"
she glanced to look at it and wrecked
too bad, thought we had a connect
no sense dwelling makes, never been a more compelling case
than the model covered in l'oréal and mace
who fell from grace eleven stories for storytellin'
while the whore was yellin' "rape"
'til her vocal cords were swellin'
and her voice were more hoarser than tori spellings' face
still they swarm the gates of my fancy estates
to greet norman bates with a warm embrace
'less you're andrea yates, don't ask me for a date
don't be late, well, the sentiment's great
but wait, think there's been a mistake
you wanted an intimate date, i wanna intimidate
i have infinite hate in my blood
it's mainly 'cause of the game of
wait, "dinner at eight"?
i have infinite hate in my blood, it's mainly 'cause of the
game of love, love, love, love
la-la-la-la-la-love

--- Desperation ---
girl, you give me writer's block, i'm at a loss for words
uhh, my mind's as lost as yours
i rack my brain but still no thoughts emerge
never seen no ass as large as yours
how much that cost? that's what i call a roethlissplurge
you drive me bonkers, i’m about to get my swerve on for sure
thought i was pimpin' 'til i felt like nas, the first
date 'cause i think i gave you power
when i gave you flowers in a vase
a box of chocolates, throat lozengers, cough drops and certs
probably shoulda never let me call that job of yours
to talk to your boss and ask him if you can take off from work
shoulda been one of the first signs to cause alert
man, we jumped in too fast
'cause since then i just can't be apart from her
'cause nobody's body's awesomer
i lust her and she loves me, 'cause i'm popular
but you know this ain't love
you know this ain't love, oh no (oh this ain't love)
you know this ain't love (oh this ain't love), oh no
what is it then?
it's desperation (she's looking for mr. right) (hey)
(wants me to be that guy to her)
it's desperation (i can't even put up a fight) (hey)
('cause i give in at the sight of her)
and here i go again
you were obviously oblivious to me
i swore i was just invisible to you
'til i went to the lengths i did to meet you
'cause you played so hard to get with me from
the beginning, now i'm in disbelief, i
never knew that this could be such misery, ah
'cause now you see nothing but me
and i don't see nothing but you
and i'm about to flip, 'cause we are super glued in
we stuck to each other's hips and we can't
do anything individually, which is to cling on
scared to be alone, can't specifically describe it
i just can't seem to give a reason
that's definitive, just need ya
talkin' 'bout i live and breathe ya
and you pretend to be as mentally and physically
addicted to me as wiz khalifa is to reefer
don't wanna be without you
don't wanna be with you neither
bitch, put me in a situation in which it's both i wish to seek
'cause this ain't love
you know this ain't love, oh no (oh this ain't love)
you know this ain't love (oh this ain't love), oh no
what is it then?
it's desperation (she's looking for mr. right) (hey)
(wants me to be that guy to her)
it's desperation (i can't even put up a fight) (hey)
('cause i give in at the sight of her)
and here i go again
i just want you to myself
don't wanna share you with no one else, ah
"what the fuck you whisperin' for?
you get on my nerves, you make me sick
i think our relationship, it seems to be on the fritz
i mean it's time that we just split and leave the
games behind, your frame of mind ain't the same as mine
i think you need to finish developing a
little more mentally to get the picture"
that's a negative, alicia, i will never give the keys up
to the crib ever again, no visa
not even a gift certificate from tiffany's
you better have an epiphany, slut
guess what? (what?) the lease up
i'm just mad the time it took to discover
you were usin' me for loot like i used you for looks
oh, thought you was too good for me, huh?
yeah, toots, used to be my carrie underwood
i was your lumberjack
but i can't stomach this, i'm leavin' you, i'm not comin' back
she said, "the fuck with that
where's my louisville slugger at?"
she grabbed that fuckin' bat
and swung it at my head, i barely ducked and that's
right when she came up with a kick to the nuts twice
steel toe, girl probably coulda put a hundred-yard field goal
through the uprights
you know this ain't love, oh no (oh this ain't love)
you know this ain't love (oh this ain't love), oh no
what is it then?
it's desperation (she's looking for mr. right) (hey)
(wants me to be that guy to her)
lord, it's desperation (i can't even put up a fight) (hey)
('cause i give in at the sight of her)
desperation (and here i go again)

--- So Far... ---
i own a mansion but live in a house
a king-size bed but i sleep on the couch
i'm mr. brightside, glass is half-full
but my tank's half empty, gasket just blew
this always happens
thirty minutes from home, gotta lay a log cabin
only option i have's mcdonalds's bathroom
in a public stall, droppin' a football
so every time someone walks in the john, i get maddened
"shady, what up?" what? come on, man, i'm crappin'
and you're askin' for my goddamn autograph on a napkin?
oh, that's odd, i just happened to run out of tissue
yeah, hand me that, on second thought i'd be glad then
"thanks, dawg! name's todd, a big fan"
i wiped my ass with it, crumbled it up in a wad and threw it back and
told him: "todd, you're the shit," when's all of this crap end?
can't pump my gas without causin' an accident
pump my gas, cut my grass, i can't take out the fuckin' trash
without someone passin' through my sub, harassin'
i'd count my blessings, but i suck at math
i'd rather wallow than bask sufferin' succotash
but the ant-acid, it gives my stomach gas
when i mix my corn with my fuckin' mashed
potatoes, so what? ho, kiss my country bumpkin ass
missouri southern roots, what the fuck is upper class?
call lunch dinner, call dinner supper
tupperware in the cupboard, plasticware up the ass
stuck in the past—ipod, what the fuck is that?
b-boy to the core, mule, i'm a stubborn ass
maybe that's why i feel so strange
got it all, but i still won't change
maybe that's why i can't leave detroit
it's the motivation that keeps me goin'
this is the inspiration i need
i could never turn my back on a city that made me
and (life's been good to me so far)
they call me classless, i heard that, i second and third that
don't know what the fuck i'd be doin' if it weren't rap
probably be a giant turd sack
but i blew, never turned back
turned 40 and still sag—teenagers act more fuckin' mature, jack
fuck you gonna say to me? i'll leave on my own terms, asshole
i'm goin' berzerk, my nerves are bad
but i love the perks my work has
i get to meet famous people, look at her dag
her nylons are ran, her skirt's snagged
and i heard she drag-races, *burp* swag
tuck in my hanes shirt tag
you're danica patrick (yeah?) word, skag
we'd be the perfect match
'cause you're a vacuum, i'm a dirtbag
my apologies, no disrespect to technology
but what the heck's all of these buttons?
you expect me to sit here and learn that?
fuck i gotta do to hear this new song from luda?
be an expert at computers?
i'd rather be an encyclopedia britannica, hell with
playstation, i'm still on my first man on some zelda
nintendo, bitch! run, jump, punch, stab, and i melt the
mozzarella on my spaghetti
put in on bread, make a sandwich with welch's, and belch
they say this spray butter's bad for my health, but
i think this poor white trash from the trailer
jed clampett, fred sanford, and welfare
mentality helps to keep me grounded
that's why i never take full advantage of wealth, i
managed to dwell within these parameters
still crammin' the shelves full of hamburger helper
i can't even help it, this is the hand i was dealt, a
creature of habit, feel like i'm trapped in an animal shelter
with all these pet peeves, goddamn it, to hell, i
can't stand all these kids with their camera cellphones
i can't go anywhere, i get so mad i could yell, the
other day, someone got all elaborate
and stuck a head from a fuckin' dead cat in my mailbox
went to burger king—they spit on my onion rings
i think my karma's catchin' up with me
maybe that's why i feel so strange
got it all, but i still won't change
maybe that's why i can't leave detroit
it's the motivation that keeps me goin'
this is the inspiration i need
i could never turn my back on a city that made me
and (life's been good to me so far)
got friends on facebook all over the world
not sure what that means, they tell me it's good
so i'm artist of the decade, i even got a plaque
i'd hang it up, but the frame is all cracked
i'm tryin' to be low-key, hopefully nobody notices me
in produce, hunched over, giant nosebleed
ogre style as i mosey over to the frozen aisle
by the frozen yogurt this guy approached me
embarrassed, i just did comerica with hova
the show's over, i'm hidin' in kroger, buyin' groceries
he just had front-row seats
told me to sign this poster, then insults me
"wow! up close didn't know you had crow's feet!"
i'm at a crossroads, lost, still shoppin' at costco's
sloppy joe's, bulk waffles
got caught pickin' my nose (agh!)
look over, see these two hot hoes
finger still up one of my nostrils
right next to 'em, stuck at the light, the fuckin' shit's
takin' forever to change, it's stuck, these bitches are lovin' it
rubbin' it in, chucklin', couldn't do nothin'
play it off, "what you bumpin'?"
"trunk muzik, yelawolf's better," fuckin' bitch!
they want me to flip at the label, but i won't succumb to it
the pressure, they want me to follow up with
another one, after recovery was so highly coveted
but what good is a fuckin' recovery if i fumble it?
'cause i'ma drop the ball if i don't get a grip
hoppin' out shrubbery on you sons of bitches
wrong subdivision to fuck with, bitch
quit snappin' fuckin' pictures of my kids
i love my city, but you pushed me to the limit—what a pity!
the shit i complain about
it's like there ain't a cloud in the sky and it's rainin' out
kool-aid stain on the couch, i'll never get it out
but bitch, i got an elevator in my house
ants and a mouse—i'm livin' the dream!
maybe that's why i feel so strange
got it all, but i still won't change
maybe that's why i can't leave detroit
it's the motivation that keeps me goin'
this is the inspiration i need
i could never turn my back on a city that made me
and (life's been good to me so far)

--- So Much Better ---
you fuckin' groupie
pick up the goddamn phone
bitch, where the fuck were you tuesday? with who you say?
i wasn't at the studio, bitch, what'd you do? screw dre?
you went there lookin' for me? boo, that excuse is too lame
keep playin' me, you're gonna end up with a huge goose egg
you fake, lyin' slut, you never told me you knew drake
and lupe? you wanna lose two legs?
you tryin' to flip this on me? if i spent more time with you, you say
"okay, yeah, and i'm coo-coo, eh?" — well, screw you
and i'll be the third person who screwed you today
oh, fourth—dre, drake, lupe—ooh, touché
you were too two-faced for me
thought you was my number one true-blue ace
but you ain't and i can't see you when you make that wittle boo-boo face
'cause i'm hanging up this phone, boo, you make my fuckin' bluetooth ache
you're feeling blue? too late, go smurf yourself
you make me wanna smurf and puke blue kool aid
here's what you say to someone you hate
my life would be so much better
if you just dropped dead
i was layin' in bed last night, thinkin'
and then this thought just popped in my head
and i thought, wouldn't shit just be a lot easier
if you dropped dead?
i would feel so much, much better (better, better)
think i just relapsed, this bitch pushed me over the brink
hop on the freeway tryna get some time alone and just think
'til the cops pulled me over, but they let me go, 'cause i told 'em
i'm only drivin' drunk 'cause that bitch drove me to drink
i'm back on my fuck hoes, with a whole new hatred for blondes
but bias? i hate all bitches the same, baby, come on!
excuse the pun, but bitch is such a broad statement, and i'm
channelin' my anger through every single station that's on!
'cause a woman broke my he-art, i say, "he-art"
'cause she ripped it in two pa-arts and threw it in the garbage
who do you think you a-are? bitch, guess it's time for me to get the dust off
and pick myself up off the carpet
but i'll never say the l-word again
i lo-lo-lo-lo… lesbian!
aaahhh! i hope you hear this song
and go into a cardiac arrest, my life'd be so much better if you just—
my life would be so much better
if you just dropped dead
i was layin' in bed last night, thinkin'
and then this thought just popped in my head
and i thought, wouldn't shit just be a lot easier
if you dropped dead?
i would feel so much, much better
'cause you told me
you'd love me
forever
bitch, that was a lie
now i never
wanted someone to die
so bad in my fuckin' life
but fuck it, there’s other fish in the sea
and i'ma have a whale of a time
bein' a single sailor for the night, bitch, on a scale of
one to ten, shit, i must be the holy grail of
catches, ho, i got an oscar attached to my fuckin' name (de la)
i might hit the club, find a chick that's tailor-made
for me, say fuck it, kick some shots back, get hammered, and nail her
these bitches tryin' to get attached, but they're failin' to latch onto the tail of
my bumper, they're scratchin' at the back of my trailer
like i'm itchin' to get hitched, yeah, i'm rich as a bitch
but bitches ain't shit, i'd rather leave a bitch in a ditch
bitch, you complain when you listen to this
but you still throw yourself at me: that's what i call pitchin' a bitch
that's why i'm swingin' at this chicks on-site
long as i got a bat and two balls it's foul, but my dick's on strike
so all that love shit is null and void, bitch, i'm a droid
i avoid cupid, stupid! wasn't for blow jobs, you'd be unemployed
oye-yoy-yoy, man-oh-man, your boy-boy-boys
gettin' sick of these girls-girls-girls, oink-oink-oink
you fuckin' pigs, all you're good for is doink-doink-doink
i got 99 problems and a bitch ain't one
she's all 99 of 'em, i need a machine gun
i'll take 'em all out, i hope you hear this song
and go into a cardiac arrest, have a heart attack and just
drop dead, and i'ma throw a fuckin' party after this, 'cause yes
my life would be so much better
if you just dropped dead (i hate you)
i was layin' in bed last night, thinkin'
and then this thought just popped in my head (you made me like this way)
and i thought, wouldn't shit just be a lot easier
if you dropped dead? (bitch)
i would feel so much, much better
i'm just playin', bitch
you know i love you

--- Evil Twin ---
yeah
tryna figure out the difference
but i think—
think the lines are starting to get blurred
i'm in a strange place
i feel like ma$e when he gave up the game for his faith
i feel like i'm caged in these chains and restraints
grimmin' every stranger into place while i gaze into space
'cause i'm mentally rearrangin' his face
i need a change of pace
'cause the pace i'm workin' at's dangerous
there's nowhere to dump this anger, and thanks to this angst
i done quit chicken heads cold turkey and started slowly roastin' 'em
'cause that's where most of my anger is based
fuck your feelings, i feel like i play for the saints
i just wanna hurt you, aim for the skanks
then aim for all these fake kanyes, jays, waynes, and the drakes
i'm frustrated 'cause ain't no more n'sync, now i'm all out of whack
i'm all out of backstreet boys to call out and attack
i'm goin' all out in this rap shit and whatever the fallout is, i'm strapped for battle
suck a duck, crawl out the back, it's a bar fight, prepare your arsenal
and beware of bar stools flyin' through the air and bottles breakin', mirrors also
and i ain't stoppin' 'til the swear jar's full
"you done called every woman a slut, but you're forgetting sarah, marshall" (palin)
oh, my bad, slut, and next time i show up to court
i'll be naked and just wear a law suit
judge be like, "that's sharp
how much that motherfucker cost you, smart-ass? you're lucky i don't tear it off you
and jump your bones, you sexy motherfucker
you're so fuckin' gravy, marshall, i should start callin' you 'au jus'
'cause all's you do is spit them lyrics out the wazoo"
evil twin, take this beat now, it's all you
i believe people can change but only for the worse
i coulda changed the world if it wasn't for this verse
so satanic, k-mart chains panic 'cause they can't even spin back the curse words
'cause they're worse when they're reversed, motherfucker
rekcufrehtom (rape your mother)— tihs (kill your parents)
and these kids are like parrots
they run around the house just like terrorists
screamin', "fuck, shit, fuck" adult with a childish-like arrogance
wild ever since the day i came out, i was like, "merits?
fuck that, i'd rather be loud, and i like swearin'"
from the first album even the gals were like, "tight lyrics, dreamy eyes"
but my fuckin' mouth was nightmarish
and from the start of it you felt like you were part of this
and opposition felt the opposite
sometimes i listen and revisit them old albums often as i can
and skim through all them bitches to make sure i keep up with my competition (haha)
hogger of beats, hoarder of rhymes
borderline genius who's bored of his lines
and that sort of defines where i'm at and the way i feel now
feel like i might just strike first, then ignore the replies
there's darkness closing in (evil twin), there it goes again (my evil twin)
it controls my pen (my evil twin), but that ain't me, it's my evil twin
(then i step out and see my evil twin, he gives me an evil grin)
but he's just a friend (evil twin) who pops up now and again (evil twin)
so don't blame me (evil twin), blame him, it's my evil twin
(then i step out and see my evil twin, he gives me an evil grin)
welcome back to the land of the living, my friend
you have slept for quite some time
so who's left? lady gaga? mess with the bieber?
nah, f with christina i ain't fuckin' with either, jessica neither
simpson or alba, my album's just sicker than strep with the fever
get the chloraseptic, excedrin, aleve, or
extra strength tylenol 3s, feel like i'm burnin' to death, but i'm freezin'
bedridden and destined never to leave the
bedroom ever again, like the legend of heath, uh
ledger, my suicide note's barely legible, read the
bottom, it's signed by the joker, lorena said i never can leave her
she'll sever my wiener i ever deceive her
fuck that shit, bitch, give up my dick for pussy?
i'll be jerry mathers i ever left it to beaver
get them titties cut off tryna mess with a cleaver
golly wolly, i vent, heat register, jesus
ever since 19946 dresden it was definitely in my destiny
when on the steps, i met deshaun at osborn
i'd never make it to sophomore
i just wanted to skip school and rap, used to mop floors
flip burgers, and wash dishes while i wrote rhymes, tryna get props for 'em
'cause i took book smarts and swapped for 'em
they were sleepin', i made 'em stop snorin'
made 'em break out the popcorn
now i've been hip hop in its tip-top form
since n.w.a was blarin' through my car windows
leanin' on the horn, screamin', "fuck the police," like cop porn
flipped rap on its ear like i dropped corn
fuck top five, bitch, i'm top four
and that includes biggie and pac, whore
and i got an evil twin
so who the fuck you think that third and that fourth spot's for?
and crazy as i am, i'm much tamer than him, and i'm nuts
then again, who the fuck wants a plain eminem?
but no one's insaner than slim, look at that (evil grin)
(evil twin) please come in, what was your name again?
hi, faggot
look who's back with a crab up his ass like a lobster crawled up there
two rabbits, a koala bear, and a ball of hair
and you're all aware i don't got it all upstairs
guess that's why i'm an addict and it's so small up there
peace to whitney, jeez, just hit me
that i should call the looney police to come get me
'cause i'm so sick of bein' the truth, i wish someone'd finally admit me
to a mental hospital with britney
oh, lmfao, no way, jo-
-se baez couldn't beat this rap, oj, no
hooray, i'm off the hook like casey anthony, hey, ho (hey, ho)
i sound like i'm tryna sing the fuckin' chorus to "hip hop hooray," no
i'm hollerin', you got bottom-end like an 8-0-
-8 and i (base) whether we're fuckin' off that instead of your face, so
let your low-end raise, yo
tango, what you think, ho? slow dancin' or bowling?
you tryin' to hold hands with your homie?
what, you think i'm lookin' for romance 'cause i'm lonely?
change that tune, you ain't got a remote chance to control me
ho, i'm only vulnerable when i got a boner
superman try to fuck me over, it won't hurt
don't try to fix me, i'm broke, so i don't work
so are you, but you're broke 'cause you don't work (haha)
but all bullshit aside, i hit a stride
still shady inside, hair every bit as dyed
as it used to be when i first introduced y'all to my skittish side
and blamed it on him when they tried to criticize
'cause we are the same, bitch