--- Ready To Die ---
yeah, yeah, you ready, motherfucker?
we gonna kill your ass, kill your ass
(i'm ready)
as i grab the glock, put it to your headpiece
one in the chamber, the safety is off, release
straight at your dome, holmes, i wanna see cabbage
biggie smalls the savage, doin' your brain cells much damage
teflon is the material for the imperial
mic ripper, girl stripper, the henny sipper
i drop lyrics off and on like a light switch
quick to grab the right bitch and make her drive the q-45
glocks and tec's are expected when i wreck shit
respect is collected, so check it!
i got techniques drippin' out my butt cheeks
sleep on my stomach so i don't fuck up my sheets, huh
my shit is deep, deeper than my grave, g
i'm ready to die, and nobody can save me
fuck the world, fuck my moms and my girl
my life is played out like a jheri curl
i'm ready to die!
(yes, i'm ready yes, i'm ready yes, i'm ready)
(so die, motherfuckers, die, motherfuckers, die)
as i sit back and look when i used to be a crook
doin' whatever it took, from snatchin' chains to pocketbooks
a big bad motherfucker on the wrong road
i got some drugs, tried to get the avenue sold
i want it all from the rolexes to the lexus
gettin' paid is all i expected
my mother didn't give me what i want, what the fuck?!
now i've got a glock makin' motherfuckers duck
shit is real and hungry's how i feel
i rob and steal because that money got that whip appeal
kickin' niggas down the steps just for rep
any repercussion lead to niggas gettin' wet
the infrared's at your head real steady
you better grab your guns 'cause i'm ready
(yes, i'm ready yes, i'm ready)
i'm ready to die
(yes, i'm ready)
(so die, motherfuckers, die motherfuckers, die)
nah, we ain't gonna kill your ass yet, we gonna make you suffer
in a sec, i throw the tec to your fuckin' neck
everybody hit the deck, biggie 'bout to get some wreck
quick to leave you in a coffin for slick talkin'
you better act like cece, and keep on walkin'
when i hit ya, i split ya to the white meat
you swung a left, you swung a right, you fell to the concrete
your face, my feet, they meet we're stompin'
i'm rippin' mc's from tallahassee to compton
biggie smalls on a higher plane
niggas say i'm strange, deranged because i put the 12 gauge to your brain
make your shit splatter
mix the blood like batter then my pocket gets fatter
after the hit, leave you on the street with your neck slit
down your backbone to where your motherfuckin' shit drip
the shit i kick rippin' through the vest, biggie smalls passin' any test
i'm ready to die!
(yes, i'm ready yes, i'm ready)
i'm ready
(yes, i'm ready)
time to go, we gon' put you out your misery, motherfucker
niggas definitely know what time it is (yes, i'm ready)
the notorious one in full effect for '93 (yes, i'm ready)
uhh, uhh (yes, i'm ready)
suicidal, i'm ready!
(so die, motherfuckers, die, motherfuckers, die)
(yes, i'm ready)
(so die, motherfuckers, die, motherfuckers, die)
now i lay me down to sleep (yeah)
pray the lord my soul to keep
if i should die before i wake
i pray the lord my soul to take
'cause i'm ready to die
(i'm ready, i'm ready)
all y'all motherfuckers come with me if you want to
(i'm ready, i'm ready, i'm ready)
biggie smalls the biggest man
(i'm ready)
rockin' on and on in '93, easy mo bee
third eye and the rest of the bad boy fam
i don't wanna see no cryin' at my funeral

--- Warning ---
who the fuck is this, pagin' me at 5:46 in the morning?
crack of dawn and now i'm yawnin'
wipe the cold out my eye
see who's this pagin' me and why
it's my nigga, pop from the barbershop
told me he was in the gambling spot and heard the intricate plot
of niggas wanna stick me like flypaper, neighbor
slow down, love, please chill, drop the caper
remember them niggas from the hill up in brownsville
that you rolled dice with, smoked blunts and got nice with?
yeah, my nigga fame up in prospect
nah, them my niggas, nah, love, wouldn't disrespect
i didn't say them
they schooled me to some niggas that you knew from back when
when you was clockin' minor figures
now they heard you're blowin' up like nitroand they wanna stick the knife through your windpipe slow
so, thank fame for warnin' me, 'cause now i'm warnin' you
i got the mac, nigga, tell me what you gonna do
damn, niggas wanna stick me for my paper
damn, niggas wanna stick me for my paper
damn, niggas wanna stick me for my paper
damn, niggas wanna stick me for my paper
they heard about the rolexes and the lexus
with the texas license plates out of state
they heard about the pounds you got down in georgetown
and they heard you got half of virginia locked down
they even heard about the crib
you bought your moms out in florida, the fifth corridor
call the coroner!
there's gonna be a lot of slow singin' and flower-bringin'
if my burglar alarm starts ringin'
what ya think all the guns is for?
all-purpose war, got the rottweilers by the door
and i feed 'em gunpowder so they can devour
the criminals tryin' to drop my decimals
damn, niggas wanna stick me for my cream
and it ain't a dream, things ain't always what it seem
it's the ones that smoke blunts with ya, see your picture
now they wanna grab they guns and come and get ya
bet ya biggie won't slip
i got the calico with the black talons loaded in the clip
so i can rip through the ligaments
put the fuckers in a bad predicament
where all the foul niggas went
touch my cheddar, feel my beretta
buck what i'ma hit you with, you motherfuckers better duck
i bring pain, bloodstains on what remains
of his jacket, he had a gun, he shoulda packed it
cocked it, extra clips in my pocket
so i can reload and explode on your asshole
i fuck around and get hardcore
c-4 to your door, no beef no more, nigga
feel the rough, scandalous
the more weed smoke i puff, the more dangerous
i don't give a fuck about you or your weak crew
what you gonna do when big poppa come for you?
i'm not runnin', nigga, i bust my gun and
hold on, i hear somebody comin'
c'mon, motherfucker
man, i'm comin' as fast as i can
just g— bring your motherfuckin' ass on, come on
are we gettin' close, huh?
it's right over here
you sure it's biggie smalls crib, man?
yeah, i'm sure, motherfucker, come on
man, fuck, this better be his motherfuckin' house
fuck, right here
tsk, this better be this motherfucker's house
oh shit
what? what's wrong?
what's that red dot on your head, man?
what red dot?
oh shit! you got a red dot on your head, too
oh shit!

--- Everyday Struggle ---
i don't wanna live no more
sometimes i hear death knockin' at my front door
i'm livin' every day like a hustle, another drug to juggle
another day, another struggle (right)
i don't wanna live no more
sometimes i hear death knockin' at my front door
i'm livin' every day like a hustle, another drug to juggle
another day, another struggle (right)
i know how it feel to wake up fucked up
pockets broke as hell, another rock to sell
people look at you like you's the user
sellin' drugs to all the losers, mad buddha abuser
but they don't know about your stress-filled day
baby on the way, mad bills to pay
that's why you drink tanqueray, so you can reminisce
and wish you wasn't livin' so devilish, shit
i remember i was just like you
smokin' blunts with my crew, flippin' over 62's
'cause g-e-d wasn't b-i-g
i got p-a-i-d, that's why my moms hate me
she was forced to kick me out, no doubt
then i figured out nicks went for 20s down south
packed up my tools for my raw power move
glock 19 for casket and flower moves
for chumps tryin' to stop my flow
and what they don't know will show on the autopsy
went to see papi to cop me a brick
asked for some consignment, he wasn't tryin' to hear it
smokin' mad newports 'cause i'm due in court
for an assault that i caught in bridgeport, new york
catch me if you can like the gingerbread man
you better have your gat in hand, 'cause man
i don't wanna live no more
sometimes i hear death knockin' at my front door
i'm livin' every day like a hustle, another drug to juggle
another day, another struggle (right)
i don't wanna live no more
sometimes i hear death knockin' at my front door
i'm livin' every day like a hustle, another drug to juggle
another day, another struggle (right)
i had the master plan, i'm in the caravan on my way to maryland
with my man two-tecs to take over this projects
they call him two-tecs, he tote two tecs
and when he start to bust, he like to ask, "who's next?"
i got my honey on the amtrak with the crack
in the crack of her ass, two pounds of hash in the stash
i wait for hon to make some quick cash
i told her she could be lieutenant, bitch got gassed
at last, i'm literally loungin', black
sittin' back, countin' double digit thousand stacks
had to re-up, see what's up with my peeps
toyota deal-athon had it cheap on the jeeps
see who got smoked, what rumors was spread
last i heard i was dead, with six to the head
then i got the phone call, it couldn't hit me harder
we got infiltrated, like nino at the carter
heard tec got murdered in a town i never heard of
by some bitch named alberta over nickel-plated burners
and my bitch swear to god she won't snitch
i told her when she hit the bricks i'll make the hooker rich
conspiracy, she'll be home in three
until then i looks out for the whole family
a true g, that's me, blowin' like a bubble
in the everyday struggle
i don't wanna live no more
sometimes i hear death knockin' at my front door
i'm livin' every day like a hustle, another drug to juggle
another day, another struggle (right)
i don't wanna live no more
sometimes i hear death knockin' at my front door
i'm livin' every day like a hustle, another drug to juggle
another day, another struggle (right)
i'm seein' body after body and our mayor giuliani
ain't tryin' to see no black man turn to john gotti
my daughter use a potty so she's older now
educated street knowledge, i'ma mold her now
trick a little dough buyin' young girls fringes
dealin' with the dope fiend binges, seein' syringes
in the veins, hard to explain how i maintain
the crack smoke make my brain feel so strange
breakin' days on the set, no sweat
drunk off moët, can't bag yet because it's still wet
but when that dry, baggin' five at a time
i can clock about nine on the check cashin' line
i had the first and the third, rehearse, that's my word
thick in the game, d's knew my first name
should i quit? shit no, even though they had me scared
yo, they got a eight, i got a tec with air holes
and that's just how the shit go in the struggle, motherfucker
hah, come on, what you say?
i don't wanna live no more
sometimes i hear death knockin' at my front door
i'm livin' every day like a hustle, another drug to juggle
another day, another struggle (right)
i don't wanna live no more
sometimes i hear death knockin' at my front door
i'm livin' every day like a hustle, another drug to juggle
another day, another struggle (right)
i don't wanna live no more
sometimes i hear death knockin' at my front door
i'm livin' every day like a hustle, another drug to juggle
another day, another struggle (right)
i don't wanna live no more
sometimes i hear death knockin' at my front door
i'm livin' every day like a hustle, another drug to juggle
another day, another struggle (right)
junior m.a.f.i.a. right
yeah, rock on, woo!
biggie smalls, right
junior m.a.f.i.a

--- Respect ---
no big up our gun men, seen? (big up, big up)
cuh dis ah '94 when ah raa fi kill people and kyaan dun
nuh waan pussy hole hold di kaanah
watch this, lawd
me holla respect, to all the gun men dem
gun men alone, keep gun men friend
fire bun, fi all the informer dem
informer lone keep informer friend
1970 something, nigga i don't sweat the date
my moms is late so i had to plan my escape
out the skins, in this world of fly girls
tanqueray and hennessy (uh) until i call earl (uh)
ten months in this gut, what the fuck?
i wish moms would hurry up so i could get buck
wild juvenile ripping mics and shit
new york, new york, ready for the likes of this
then came the worst date, may 21st
2:19, that's when my mama water burst
no spouse in the house so she rode for self
to the hospital, to see if she could get a little help
umbilical cord's wrapped around my neck
i'm seeing my death and i ain't even took my first step
i made it out, i'm bringing mad joy
the doctor looked and said, "he's gonna be a bad boy"
me holla respect, to all the gun men dem
gun men alone, keep gun men friend (watch me)
fire bun, fi all the informer dem (have mercy)
informer lone keep informer friend (do it)
now i'm thirteen, smoking blunts, making cream
on the drug scene, fuck a football team
risking ruptured spleens by the age of sixteen
hearing the coach scream ain't my lifetime dream
i mean, i want to blow up, stack my dough up
so school, i didn't show up, it fucked my flow up
mom said that i should grow up and check myself
before i wreck myself, disrespect myself
put the drugs on the shelf? nah, couldn't see it (uh)
scarface, king of new york, i want to be it
rap was secondary, money was necessary (uh)
until i got incarcerated, kind of scary
c74-mark 8 set me straight
not able to move behind the great steel gate
time to contemplate, damn, where did i fail?
all the money i stacked was all the money for bail (uh)
me holla respect to all the gun men dem
gun men alone, keep gun men friend (have mercy, mercy, mercy)
fire bun, fi all the informer dem
informer lone keep informer friend
me holla respect, to all the gun men dem
gun men alone, keep gun men friend
fire bun, fi all the informer dem
informer lone keep informer friend
'94, now i explore new horizons
mama smile when she see me, that's surprising
honeys is tantalizing, they freak all night
keep ducking cops on the creep all night
as i open my eyes and realizing i changed
not the same deranged child stuck up in the game
and to my niggas living street life
learn to treat life to the best, put stress to rest
still tote your vest, man, niggas be tripping
in the streets without a gat? nah, nigga, you're slipping
if i'm dipping on the f with weed on my breath
original hustler with the muffler on the tec (uh)
respect to the macks in the ac's
to the freaks in the jeeps, (buck, buck, buck) lick shots to my peeps
me holla respect to all the gun men dem
gun men alone, keep gun men friend (have mergy, mercy, mercy)
fire bun, fi all the informer dem
informer lone keep informer friend
me holla respect, to all the gun men dem
gun men alone, keep gun men friend
fire bun, fi all the informer dem
informer lone keep informer friend
now this is diana king doing a yankee thing
in a biggie smalls thing, do it, ja
have mercy!
the gunman in all de party
and everybody feel irie
and everybody just follow me, follow me, follow me
have mercy
the wul ah we in ah de party
and everybody look irie
now di man dem sexy, sexy, sexy
do it
no mercy fuh nuh big up unnu self
cuh we nuh watch nuh this girl seen?
the hardcore thing we ah deal with
oh yes, we are the best
no other guy can test
shit, mami, damn, why you actin' like that, man?
'cause i don't be doin' this
i'm sayin', you know it ain't nothin'
it's just part of sex, ya know'm saying
but you know i don't do this
i don't even know how to do this
i'm just sayin', jus— just a little peck mami, for daddy
just a little peck
like that?
that's what i'm sayin', yeah
you know i don't be doin' this though
you know that
whatever, bitch!

--- Machine Gun Funk ---
yeah
so you wanna be hardcore?
with your hat to the back, talkin' 'bout the gats in your raps
but i can't feel that hardcore
appeal that you're screamin', maybe i'm dreamin'
this ain't christopher williams
still some mcs gotta feel one, caps i got to peel some
to let niggas know! (let 'em know)
that if you fuck with big and heavy, i get up in that ass like a wedgie
says who? says me! the lyrical
niggas sayin', "biggie off the street, it's a miracle"
left the drugs alone, took the thugs along with me!
just for niggas actin' shifty
sticks and stones break bones, but the gat'll kill you quicker
especially when i'm drunk off the liquor
smokin' funk by the boxes, packin' glocks-es
it's natural to eat you niggas like chocolates
the funk, baby!
i live for the funk, i'll die for the funk
i live for the funk, i'll die for the funk
i live for the funk, i'll die for the funk
i live for the funk, i'll die for the funk
i live for the funk, i'll die for the funk
i live for the funk, i'll die for the funk
i live for the funk, i'll die for the funk
i live for the funk, i'll die for the funk
all i want is bitches! big booty bitches!
used to sell crack so i could stack my riches
now i pack gats to stop all the snitches
from stayin' in my business, what is this relentless
approach to know if i'm broke or not?
just 'cause i joke and smoke a lot, don't mean i don't tote the glock
16 shots for my niggas in the pen
until we motherfuckin' meet again
huh! i'm doin' rhymes now, fuck the crimes now
come on the ave., i'm real hard to find now
'cause i'm knee deep in the beats
in the land cruiser jeep with the mac-10 by the seats
for the jackers, the jealous-ass crackers in the ****
i'll make you prove that it's bulletproof
hold your head 'cause when you hit the bricks
i got gin, mad blunts and bitches suckin' dick
the funk, baby!
i live for the funk, i'll die for the funk
i live for the funk, i'll die for the funk
i live for the funk, i'll die for the funk
i live for the funk, i'll die for the funk
i live for the funk, i'll die for the funk
i live for the funk, i'll die for the funk (uh)
i live for the funk, i'll die for the funk
i live for the funk, i'll die for the funk
so i guess you know the story — the rap side, crack side
how i smoke funk, smack bitches on the backside
bed-stuy! the place where my head rests
fifty-shot clip if a nigga wan' test
the rocket launcher, biggie stomped ya
high as a motherfuckin' helicopter
that's why i pack a nina, fuck a misdemeanor
beatin' motherfuckers like ike beat tina
"what's love got to do..."
when i'm rippin' all through your whole crew?
strapped like bamboo, but i don't sling guns
i got bags of funk and it's sellin' by the tons
niggas wanna know how i live the mack life!
makin' money, smokin' mics like crack pipes!
it's type simple and plain to maintain
i add a little funk to the brain
the funk, baby!
i live for the funk, i'll die for the funk
i live for the funk, i'll die for the funk
i live for the funk, i'll die for the funk
i live for the funk, i'll die for the funk
i live for the funk, i'll die for the funk
i live for the funk, i'll die for the funk
i live for the funk, i'll die for the funk
i live for the funk, i'll die for the funk
i live for the funk, i'll die for the funk
i live for the funk, i'll die for the funk
i live for the funk, i'll die for the funk
i live for the funk, i'll die for the funk
i live for the funk, i'll die for the funk
i live for the funk, i'll die for the funk
i live for the funk, i'll die for the funk
i live for the funk, i'll die for the funk
i live for the funk, i'll die for the funk
i live for the funk, i'll die for the funk
i live for the funk, i'll die for the funk
i live for the funk, i'll die for the funk
i live for the funk, i'll die for the funk
i live for the funk, i'll die for the funk
i live for the funk, i'll die for the funk
i live for the funk, i'll die for the funk
i live for the funk, i'll die for the funk
i live for the funk, i'll die for the funk
i live for the funk, i'll die for the funk
i live for the funk, i'll die for the funk
i live for the funk, i'll die for the funk
i live for the funk, i'll die for the funk
i live for the funk, i'll die for the funk
i live for the funk, i'll die for the funk

--- Big Poppa ---
uh, uh, check it out (yeah), uh
junior m.a.f.i.a., uh (he-he)
uh (i like this) yeah, yeah
nine-fo' (keep bangin')
to all the ladies in the place with style and grace
allow me to lace these lyrical douches in your bushes (uh)
who rock grooves and make moves with all the mamis?
the back of the club, sippin' moët is where you'll find me (what?)
the back of the club, mackin' hoes, my crew's behind me (uh)
mad question askin', blunt passin'
music blastin', but i just can't quit
because one of these honeys biggie got to creep with (that's right)
sleep with, keep the ep a secret, why not? (uh)
why blow up my spot 'cause we both got hot?
now check it: i got more mack than craig, and in the bed
believe me, sweetie, i got enough to feed the needy (come on)
no need to be greedy, i got mad friends with benzes
c-notes by the layers, true fuckin' players (uh)
jump in the rover and come over, tell your friends jump in the gs3
i got the chronic by the tree cuz (let's go)
i love it when you call me big poppa
throw your hands in the air if you's a true player
i love it when you call me big poppa
to the honeys gettin' money, playin' niggas like dummies
i love it when you call me big poppa
you got a gun up in your waist, please don't shoot up the place (why?)
'cause i see some ladies tonight that should be havin' my baby (uh), baby (uh)
straight up, honey, really i'm askin'
most of these niggas think they be mackin', but they be actin'
who they attractin' with that line (what?), "what's your name? what's your sign?"
soon as he buy that wine, i just creep up from behind (that's right)
and ask you what your interests are, who you be with
things that make you smile, what numbers to dial
you gon' be here for a while? i'm gon' go call my crew, you go call your crew
we can rendezvous at the bar around 2 (come on)
plans to leave, throw the keys to little cease (uh-huh)
pull the truck up front, and roll up the next blunt
so we can steam on the way to the telly, go fill my belly (g)
a t-bone steak, cheese eggs and welch's grape
conversate for a few, ‘cause in a few we gon' do
what we came to do, ain't that right, boo? (true)
forget the telly—we just go to the crib
and watch a movie in the jacuzzi, smoke ls while you do me
i love it when you call me big poppa
throw your hands in the air if you's a true player (come on, yeah)
i love it when you call me big poppa
to the honeys gettin' money, playin' niggas like dummies (uh)
i love it when you call me big poppa
you got a gun up in your waist, please don't shoot up the place (why?)
'cause i see some ladies tonight that should be havin' my baby, baby (uh)
(how you livin', biggie smalls?) in mansion and benzes
givin' ends to my friends, and it feels stupendous
tremendous cream: fuck a dollar and a dream (heh)
still tote gats, strapped with infrared beams (that's right) (what?)
choppin' os (uh-huh), smokin' la in optimos
money, hoes and clothes: all a nigga knows (all a nigga knows)
a foolish pleasure? whatever
i had to find the buried treasure (for what?), so grams i had to measure
however, livin' better now, coogi sweater now
drop top bms, i'm the man, girlfriend
yeah, honey, check it
tell your friends to get with my friends
and we can be friends
shit, we can do this every weekend (that's right), alright?
is that aight wit' you?
yeah, keep bangin'
i love it when you call me big poppa
throw your hands in the air if you's a true player
i love it when you call me big poppa
to the honeys gettin' money, playin' niggas like dummies (uh)
i love it when you call me big poppa
you got a gun up in your waist, please don't shoot up the place (why?)
'cause i see some ladies tonight that should be havin' my baby, baby (uh)
check it out
nine-fo' shit for that ass, uh
puff daddy, biggie smalls, junior m.a.f.i.a.
represent, baby, baby, uh

--- One More Chance ---
all you hoes calling here for my daddy, get off his dick
like that, mommy?
*beep*
hi, daddy, how you doing? this is tyiest
i was thinking about you last night, mm
you actin' like you can't call me no more 'cause you busy and all of that
but you trying to tell me it wasn't good?
*beep*
that shit is real fucked up what you did
i hooked you up with my girl and shit
you fucked her every time you see her
you don't even say shit to her, you know what i'm saying?
and all that bitch do is call me all day talking about you
"why the fuck b.i.g. don't want me?"
*beep*
yo, b.i.g., this is quita
kenya told me she saw you and shanie at the mall and i know you ain't fucking her
you fucked with me last night
that's my best friend and we don't get down like that
*beep*
yeah, motherfucker, this is stephanie
i was waiting outside for your ass for like a fucking hour
i don't know what's going on, motherfuckers trying to rob me
you be disappearing and shit, i'm waiting in the cold
what the fuck is going on?
when you get in give me a fucking call, alright?
when it comes to sex, i'm similar to the thrilla in manila
honeys call me "bigga the condom filler"
whether it's stiff tongue or stiff dick
biggie squeeze it to make shit fit, now check this shit
i got the pack of rough riders in the back of the pathfinder
you know the epilogue by james todd smith
i get swift with the lyrical gift
hit you with a dick, make your kidney shift
here we go, here we go, but i'm not domino
i got the funk flow to make your drawers drop slow
so recognize the dick size in these karl kani jeans
i wear thirteens, know what i mean?
i'll fuck around and hit you with the hennessy dick
mess around and go blind, don't get to see shit (see shit)
the next batter, here to shatter your bladder
it doesn't matter, skinny or fat or light-skinned or black
baby, i drop these boricua mamis screaming 
¡ay papi!
i love it when they call me big poppa
i only smoke blunts if they rolled proper
look, i gotcha caught up with the drunk flow
fuck tae kwon do, i tote a four-four
for niggas getting mad 'cause they bitch chose me
a big black motherfucker with g, you see
all i do is separate the game from the truth
big bang boots from the bronx to bolivia
getting physical like olivia newt
tricks suck my clique dick all day with no trivia
so give me a ho, a bankroll and a bag of weed
i'm guaranteed to fuck her 'til her nose bleed
even if your new man's a certified mack
you'll get that h-town in ya, you want that old thing back
oh, biggie, give me one more chance
i got that good dick, girl, you didn't know?
oh, biggie, give me one more chance
i got that good dick, girl, you didn't know?
oh, biggie, give me one more chance
i got that good dick, girl, you didn't know?
oh, biggie, give me one more chance
is my mind playing tricks, like scarface and bushwick
willie d, having nightmares of girls killing me?
she mad because what we had didn't last
i'm glad because her cousin let me hit the ass
fuck the past, let's dwell on the 500sl, the e&j and ginger ale
the way my pockets swell to the rims with benjamins
another honey's in the crib? please, send her in
i fuck non-stop, lick my lips a lot
used to lick the clits a lot, but licking clits had to stop
'cause y'all don't know how to act when the tongue go down below
peep the funk flow
really, though, i got the cleanest, meanest penis
you never seen this stroke of genius
so take off your timb boots and your body suit
i mean the spandex and hit my man next
sex get rougher when it come to the nut buster
pussy crusher, black nasty motherfucker
i don't chase 'em, i replace 'em
and if i'm caressing 'em i'm undressing 'em
fuck what you heard, who's the best in new york?
fulfilling fantasies without that nigga mr. roarke
or tattoo, i got you wrapped around my dick
and when i nut i got to split
shit, backshots is my position
i got you wishing for an intermission, fuck the kissin'
lickin' down to your belly button, i ain't frontin'
they don't call me big for nuttin' all of a sudden
oh, biggie, give me one more chance
oh, biggie, give me one more chance
oh, biggie, give me one more chance
oh, biggie, give me one more chance

--- Juicy ---
("fuck all you hoes!" get a grip, motherfucker!)
yeah, this album is dedicated
to all the teachers that told me i'd never amount to nothin'
to all the people that lived above the buildings that i was hustlin' in front of
called the police on me when i was just tryin' to make some money to feed my daughter (it's all good)
and all the niggas in the struggle
you know what i'm sayin'? it's all good, baby baby
it was all a dream, i used to read 
word up!
 magazine
salt-n-pepa and heavy d up in the limousine
hangin' pictures on my wall
every saturday 
rap attack
, mr. magic, marley marl
i let my tape rock 'til my tape popped
smokin' weed in bambú, sippin' on private stock
way back, when i had the red and black lumberjack
with the hat to match
remember rappin' duke? duh-ha, duh-ha
you never thought that hip-hop would take it this far
now i'm in the limelight 'cause i rhyme tight
time to get paid, blow up like the world trade
born sinner, the opposite of a winner
remember when i used to eat sardines for dinner
peace to ron g, brucie b, kid capri
funkmaster flex, lovebug starski
i'm blowin' up like you thought i would
call the crib, same number, same hood, it's all good
and if you don't know, now you know, nigga
you know very well (yeah)
who you are (money, hoes and clothes)
don't let 'em hold you down (bankrolls, yeah, haha)
reach for the stars (it's all good)
you had a goal (c'mon)
but not that many (it's all good)
'cause you're the only one
i'll give you good and plenty (check it)
i made the change from a common thief
to up close and personal with robin leach
and i'm far from cheap, i smoke skunk with my peeps all day
spread love, it's the brooklyn way
the moët and alizé keep me pissy, girls used to diss me
now they write letters 'cause they miss me
i never thought it could happen, this rapping stuff
i was too used to packing gats and stuff
now honeys play me close like butter play toast
from the mississippi down to the east coast
condos in queens, indo for weeks
sold out seats to hear biggie smalls speak
living life without fear
puttin' five karats in my baby girl ear
lunches, brunches, interviews by the pool
considered a fool 'cause i dropped out of high school
stereotypes of a black male misunderstood
and it's still all good
and if you don't know, now you know, nigga
you know very well (c'mon)
who you are (bankrolls)
don't let 'em hold you down (clothes)
reach for the stars (mansions)
you had a goal
but not that many (it's all good)
'cause you're the only one
i'll give you good and plenty ('94)
super nintendo, sega genesis
when i was dead broke, man, i couldn't picture this
50-inch screen, money-green leather sofa
got two rides, a limousine with a chauffeur
phone bill about two g's flat
no need to worry, my accountant handles that
and my whole crew is loungin'
celebrating every day, no more public housin'
thinkin' back on my one-room shack
now my mom pimps an ac' with minks on her back
and she loves to show me off of course
smiles every time my face is up in 
the source
we used to fuss when the landlord dissed us
no heat, wonder why christmas missed us
birthdays was the worst days
now we sip champagne when we thirsty
uh, damn right i like the life i live
'cause i went from negative to positive and it's all (it's all good, nigga)
and if you don't know, now you know, nigga
you know very well (money)
who you are (hoes and clothes)
don't let 'em hold you down (bankrolls)
and if you don't know, now you know, nigga
reach for the stars (that's right)
you had a goal (it's all good)
but not that many (all good)
'cause you're the only one (east coast, represent)
i'll give you good and plenty (c'mon)
and if you don't know, now you know, nigga
representin' b-town in the house (biggie smalls)
junior mafia, mad flavor (bad boy)
uh, uh, yeah, aight (i see you, cooch)
you know very well
who you are
don't let 'em hold you down
reach for the stars
you had a goal
but not that many
'cause you're the only one
i'll give you good and plenty
biggie smalls, it's all good, nigga
junior mafia, it's all good, nigga
bad boy, it's all good, nigga
it's all good
that's right, '94
and on and on, and on and on
you know very well
it's all good
who you are
yeah
don't let 'em hold you down
reach for the stars

--- Who Shot Ya? ---
as we proceed to give you what you need (uh)
9-5, motherfuckers
get live, motherfuckers
as we proceed to give you what you need
9-5, motherfuckers
get live, motherfuckers (now turn the mics up)
as we proceed to give you what you need (turn that mic up)
(yeah, that beat is knocking, i need that mic up, though)
(turn that shit the fuck up)
east coast, motherfuckers (uh, what?)
bad boy, motherfuckers (turn it up louder, yeah, uh)
as we proceed to give you what you need
j.m., motherfuckers
j.m., motherfuckers (uh)
9-5, motherfuckers (uh)
who shot ya? separate the weak from the obsolete
hard to creep them brooklyn streets
it's on, nigga, fuck all that bickerin' beef
i can hear sweat tricklin' down your cheek
your heartbeat sound like sasquatch feet
thunderin', shakin' the concrete
then the shit stop when i foil the plot
neighbors call the cops, said they heard mad shots
saw me in the drop, three and a quarter
slaughter, electrical tape around your daughter
old school, new school need to learn though
i burn, baby, burn, like "disco inferno"
burn slow like blunts with yayo
peel more skins than idaho potato
niggas know; the lyrical molesting is taking place
fucking with b.i.g., it ain't safe
i make your skin chafe, rashes on them asses
bumps and bruises, blunts and land cruisers
big poppa smash fools, bash fools
niggas mad because i know that cash rules
everything around me, two glock nines
any motherfucker whispering about mines (and i'm)
and i'm crooklyn's finest (crooklyn's finest)
you rewind this, bad boy's behind this (bad boy's behind this)
as we proceed to give you what you need (what?)
9-5, motherfuckers (what?)
get live, motherfuckers
as we proceed to give you what you need (what?)
east coast, motherfuckers
bad boy, motherfuckers
get high, motherfuckers
get high, motherfuckers (uh, uh)
smoke blunts, motherfuckers (uh)
get high, motherfuckers (9-5, uh)
ready to die, motherfuckers (uh)
9-5, motherfuckers (uh)
i seen the light excite all the freaks
stack mad chips, spread love with my peeps
niggas wanna creep, gotta watch my back
think the cognac and indo sack make me slack?
i switches all that, cocksucker, g's up
one false move, get swiss cheesed up
clip to tec, respect, i demand it
slip and break the 11th commandment
thou shalt not fuck with nor see poppa
feel a thousand deaths when i drop you
i feel for you, like chaka khan, i'm the don
pussy when i want, rolex on the arm
you'll die slow but calm
recognize my face so there won't be no mistake
so you know where to tell jake, lame nigga
brave nigga, turned front page nigga
puff daddy flips daily
i smoke the blunts he sips on the baileys
on the rocks, tote glocks at christenings
hammer cock, in the fire position and—
come here, come here (it ain't gotta be like that, b.i.g.)
open your fucking mouth, open your—
didn't i tell you don't fuck with me? (come on, man) huh?
didn't i tell you not to fuck with me? (come on, man) huh?
(come on, man) look at you now, huh? (come on, man)
can't talk with a gun in your mouth, huh?
bitch-ass nigga, what?
who shot ya?
to give you what you need
9-5, motherfuckers
get live, motherfuckers
get high, motherfuckers (who shot ya?)
ready to die, motherfuckers, hah!
as we proceed (who shot ya?)
to give you what you need
9-5, motherfuckers
east coast, motherfucker (who shot ya?)
west coast, motherfuckers (uh)
west coast, motherfuckers, hah!
as we proceed to give you what you need
as we proceed to give you what you need (as we proceed to give you what you need)
get live, motherfuckers
get live, motherfuckers (get live, motherfuckers)
9-5, motherfuckers (9-5, motherfuckers)
get money, motherfuckers
as we proceed to give you what you need (as we proceed to give you what you need)
get live, motherfuckers (get live, motherfuckers)
9-5, motherfuckers
j.m., motherfuckers
j.m., motherfuckers
as we proceed
to give you what you need
9-5

--- Unbelievable ---
biggie smalls is the illest (uh)
what, uh
biggie-biggie-biggie smalls is the illest (uh)
biggie smalls, biggie-biggie-biggie smalls—
biggie-biggie-biggie smalls is the illest
uh, yeah
biggie-biggie-biggie smalls is the illest
live from bedford-stuyvesant, the livest one
representin' bk to the fullest
gats, i pull it
bastards duckin' when b.i.g. be buckin'
chickenheads be cluckin', in my back room fuckin'
it ain't nothin'
they know b.i.g. be handlin'
with the mac in the ac' door panelin'
bandagin' mcs, oxygen, they can't breathe
mad tricks up the sleeve
wear boxers, so my dick can breathe
breeze through in the q
forty-five by my side, lyrical high
and those that rushes my clutches get put on crutches
get smoked like dutches from the master
hate to blast ya, but i have to
you see i smoke a lot
your life is played out like kwame
and them fuckin' polka dots
who rock the spot? biggie
you know how the weed go, unbelievable
it's unbelievable
biggie smalls is the illest
it's unbelievable (uh)
biggie-biggie-biggie smalls is the illest (uh)
it's unbelievable
biggie-biggie-biggie smalls is the illest (what, what)
it's unbelievable
biggie-biggie-biggie smalls is the illest
b-i-g, g-i-e, a-k-a, b-i-g
get it? biggie
also known as the bon appétit
rappers can't sleep need sleepin'
b.i.g. keep creepin'
bullets heat-seekin', casualties need treatin'
dumb rappers need teachin'
lesson a: don't fuck with b-i
that's that "oh i, thought he was wack"
oh, come, come now, why y'all so dumb now?
hunt me or be hunted
i got three hundred and fifty-seven ways
to simmer sauté, i'm the winner all day
lights get dimmer down biggie's hallway
my forte causes caucasians to say
"he sounds demented"
car weed scented, if i said it, i meant it
bite my tongue for no one
call me evil, or unbelievable
it's unbelievable
biggie smalls is the illest
it's unbelievable
biggie-biggie-biggie smalls is the illest (uh)
it's unbelievable (what, uh)
biggie smalls is the illest (uh)
it's unbelievable
biggie-biggie-biggie smalls is the illest
buck shots out the sun roof of lexus coupes
leave no witnesses, what you think this is?
ain't no amateurs here
i damage and tear, mcs fear me
they too near not to hear me
clearly, i'm the triple beam dream
one thousand grams of uncut to the gut
it seems fucked up, the way i touched up the grill
tryin' to play gorilla when you ain't no killer
the gat's by your liver, your upper lip quiver
get ready to die, tell god i said hi
and throw down some ice for the nicest mc
niggas know the steelo, unbelievable
it's unbelievable
biggie smalls is the illest
it's unbelievable
biggie-biggie-biggie smalls is the illest
it's unbelievable
biggie-biggie-biggie smalls is the illest
it's unbelie-believe-believable
biggie-biggie-biggie smalls is the illest
'b-belie-ie-ie-ie—
biggie-biggie-biggie smalls is the illest
'be-be-be-be—
biggie-biggie-biggie smalls is the illest
'be-be-believable
biggie-biggie-biggie smalls is the illest
biggie smalls-biggie-biggie-biggie smalls—
'be-be-believable
biggie-biggie-biggie smalls is the illest

--- Gimme the Loot ---
yeah, motherfuckers better know
huh, huh (i'm a bad, bad, bad)
lock your windows, close your doors
biggie smalls
huh, yeah
(i'm a bad, bad, bad)
my man inf left a tec and a nine at my crib
turned him self in, he had to do a bid
a one-to-three, he be home the end of '93
i'm ready to get this paper, g, you with me?
motherfuckin' right, my pockets lookin' kinda tight
and i'm stressed
yo, biggie let me get the vest
no need for that, just grab the fuckin' gat
the first pocket that's fat, the tec is to his back
word is bond, i'ma smoke him, yo, don't fake no moves (what?)
treat it like boxin', stick and move, stick and move
nigga, you ain't got to explain shit
i've been robbin' motherfuckers since the slave shipswith the same clip and the same four-five
two point blank, a motherfucker sure to die
that's my word,
 nigga even try to bogardhave his mother singin', "it's so hard"
yes, love, love your fuckin' attitude
because the nigga play pussy
that's the nigga that's gettin' screwed
and bruised up from the pistol whippin'
welts on the neck from the necklace strippin'
then i'm dippin' up the block and i'm robbin' bitches, too
up the herringbones and bamboos
i wouldn't give a fuck if you're tnangerp
give me the baby rings and the #1 mom pendant
i'm slammin' niggas like shaquille, shit is real
when it's time to eat a meal i rob and steal
'cause mom duke ain't givin' me shit
so for the bread and butter, i leave niggas in the gutter
huh, word to mother, i'm dangerous
crazier than a bag of fuckin' angel dust
when i bust my gat, motherfuckers take dirt naps
i'm all that and a dime sack, where the paper at?
when he's stickin' you and takin' all of your money
gimme the loot, gimme the loot (i'm a bad, bad, bad)
gimme the loot, gimme the loot (i'm a bad, bad, bad)
gimme the loot, gimme the loot (i'm a bad, bad, bad)
gimme the loot, gimme the loot (i'm a bad, bad, bad)
(what's mines is mines and what's yours is mine)
gimme the loot, gimme the loot (i'm a bad, bad, bad)
gimme the loot, gimme the loot (i'm a bad, bad, bad)
gimme the loot, gimme the loot (i'm a bad, bad, bad)
gimme the loot, gimme the loot (i'm a bad, bad, bad)
(what's mines is mines and what's yours is mine)
big up! big up! it's a stick up! stick up!
and i'm shootin' niggas quick if ya hiccup
don't let me fill my clip up in ya back and headpiece
the opposite of peace, sendin' mom duke a wreath
you're talkin' to the robbery expert
step into your wake with your blood on my shirt
don't be a jerk and get smoked over bein' resistant
'cause when i lick shots them shits is persistent
goodness gracious, the papers
where the cash at? where the stash at?
nigga, pass that
before you get your grave dug from the main thug
three fifty-seven slug
and my nigga biggie got a itchy one grip
one in the chamber, thirty-two in the clip
motherfuckers better strip, (yeah, nigga, peel!)
before you find out how blue steel feel
from the beretta, puttin' all the holes in ya sweater
the money-getter, motherfuckers know the pedi'
rolex watches
and colorful swatches
i'm diggin' in pockets, motherfuckers can't stop it
man, niggas come through, i'm takin' high school rings too
bitches get delgnarts for their earrings and bangles
and when i rock her and drop her, i'm taking her door knockers
and if she's resistant: blakka, blakka, blakka
so go get your man, bitch, he can get robbed, too
tell him biggie took it, what the fuck he gonna do?
man i hope apologetic or i'm a have to set it
and if i set it, the cocksucker won't forget it
hey bitch, hey bitch, gimme your money bitch (when he's stickin' you and takin' all your money)
gimme the loot, gimme the loot (i'm a bad, bad, bad)
gimme the loot, gimme the loot (i'm a bad, bad, bad)
gimme the loot, gimme the loot (i'm a bad, bad, bad)
gimme the loot, gimme the loot (i'm a bad, bad, bad)
(what's mines is mines and what's yours is mine)
gimme the loot, gimme the loot (i'm a bad, bad, bad)
gimme the loot, gimme the loot (i'm a bad, bad, bad)
gimme the loot, gimme the loot (i'm a bad, bad, bad)
gimme the loot, gimme the loot (i'm a bad, bad, bad)
(what's mines is mines and what's yours is mine)
man listen, all this walkin' is hurtin' my feet
ooh, money looks sweet
where at? in the isuzu jeep
man, i throw him in the fiend you grab the fucking cream
and if he start to scream, bom-bom, have a nice dream
hold up, he got a fucking bitch in the car
fur coats and diamonds, she think she a superstar
ooh, biggie let me jack her, i'll kick her in the back
hit her with the gat
yo, chill, shorty, let me do that
just get the fucking car keys and cruise up the block
the bitch act shocked getting shot on the spot
oh shit, the cops
be cool, fool
they ain't gonna roll up, all they want is fucking doughnuts
so why the fuck he keep looking?
i guess to get his life tooken
i just came home, ain't trying to see central booking
oh shit, now he looking in my face
you better haul ass 'cause i ain't with no fucking chase
so lace up your boots, 'cause i'm about to shoot
a true motherfucker going out for the loot
take that motherfuckers

--- Just Playing (Dreams) ---
as i sit back relax, steam a blunt, sip a becks
think about the sexy singers that i wanna sex
i'd probably go to jail for fucking patti labelle
ooh, regina belle, she'd probably do me swell
jasmine guy was fly, mariah carey's kinda scary
wait a minute, what about my honey, mary?
them jeans, they fitting like a glove
i had a crush on you since real love, huh
hold your horses
i'ma show you who the boss of intercourse is
sex, i'm taking no losses
even groups like swv and tlc can't see b.i.g. with telepathy
the recipe, a pinch of hardcore with a gun
pimpin' ain't easy, but it sure is fun
when i bust my nuts i bust 'em one by one
so what's the 4-1-1, hun?
dreams of fuckin' an r&b bitch (i'm just playin', but i'm sayin')
dreams of fuckin' an r&b bitch (i'm just playin', i'm sayin')
dreams of fuckin' an r&b bitch (i'm just playin', but i'm sayin')
dreams of fuckin' an r&b bitch (i'm just playin', i'm sayin')
i'll put chanté moore pussy in stitches
i'll fuck rupaul before i fuck them ugly-ass xscape bitches
you can 76 the 69, try 68
make raven-symoné call date rape
only 'cause i'm paid, i'm fucking all of jade
and my dj zhané, he likes it when they say
"everybody move your body"
got whitney houston boosting from bobby
as i bust the cherry of monica and terri
back shots to chaka, i know that pussy hairy
sade, ooh, i know that pussy tight
smack tina turner give her flashbacks of ike
smoke a stoge, fuckin' en vogue because it's four of them
jimmy hats for patra, i'm using all of them
(what about toni braxton?)
if that bitch give me action, guaranteed satisfaction
dreams of fuckin' an r&b bitch (i'm just playin', but i'm sayin')
dreams of fuckin' an r&b bitch (i'm just playin', i'm sayin')
dreams of fuckin' an r&b bitch (i'm just playin', but i'm sayin')
dreams of fuckin' an r&b bitch (i'm just playin', but i'm sayin')
you know what i'm sayin', tim, man?
i ain't tryna diss the honeys
you know what i'm sayin'? (i'm just playin', i'm sayin')
i just be buggin', you know what i'm sayin'?
i ain't tryna disrespect nobody, you know?
i'm just buggin' out, you know? (i'm just playin', but i'm sayin')
you know the flavor of the junior m.a.f.i.a. clique
know what i'm sayin'?
buttnaked tim dawg in the motherfuckin' house
i'm just playin' (i'm just playin', but i'm sayin')
we're just havin' a little fun
ain't no harm done, b (i'm just playin', i'm sayin')
but i would hit all of y'all

--- The What ---
i used to get feels on a bitch
now i throw shields on the dick to stop me from that hiv shit
and niggas know they soft like a twinkie filling
playing the villain, prepare for this rap killing
biggie smalls is the illest, your style is played out
like arnold on that, "what you talking 'bout, willis?"
the thrill is gone, the black frank white
is here to excite and throw dick to dykes
bitches i like 'em brainless, guns i like 'em stainless steel
i want the fucking fortune like the wheel
i squeeze gats 'til my clips is empty
don't tempt me, you don't want to fuck with the m-e...
...t-h-o-d man, here i am
i'll be damned if this ain't some shit
come to spread the butter lyrics over hominy grit
it's the low killer death trap, yes i'm a jet-black ninja
coming where you rest at, surrender
step inside the ring, you's the number one contender
looking cold-booty like your pussy in december
nigga, stop bitching, button up your lip and
from method all you getting is a can of ass-whipping
hey, i'll be kicking you son, you doing all the yapping
acting as if it can't happen
your frontin' got me mad enough to touch something
yo, i'm from shaolin island and ain't afraid to bust something
so what you want nigga? you won't nigga
i got a 6-shooter and a horse named trigger
it's real, '94 rugged-raw
kickin' down your goddamn door
and it goes a little something like this
fuck the world, don't ask me for shit
everything you get you gotta work hard for it
(honeys shake your hips) you don't stop
(and niggas pack the clips) keep on, bitch
verse two, coming with that olde e brew
meth-tical, putting niggas back in icu
i'm lifted, troop, you can bring your wack-ass crew
i got connections, i'll get that ass stuck like glue
huh, no question, i be coming down and shit
yo i gets rugged as a motherfucking carpet get
and niggas love it, not in the physical form but in the mental
i spark and they cells get warm
i'm not a gentleman, i'm a method man
baby accept it, utmost respect it, and
(assume the position) stop look and listen
i spit on your grave then i grab my charles dickens, bitch
welcome to my center, honeys feel it deep in they placenta
cold as the pole in the winter
far from the inventor, but i got this rap shit sewed
and when my mac unloads
i'm guaranteed another video
ready to die, why i act that way?
pop duke left mom duke, the faggot took the back way
so instead of making hoes suck my dick up
i used to do stick-ups, 'cause hoes is irritating like the hiccups
excuse me, flows just grow through me
like trees to branches, cliffs to avalanches
it's the praying mantis, deep like the mind of farrakhan
a motherfucking rap phenomenon, plus
(i got more glocks and tecs than you)
i make it hot, (niggas won't even stand next to you)
nigga touch me you better bust me three times in the head
or motherfucker's dead, you thought so
fuck the world, don't ask me for shit
and everything you get you gotta work hard for it
(honeys shake your hips) you don't stop
(and niggas pack the clips) keep on, bitch
fuck the world, don't ask me for shit
everything you get you gotta work hard for it
(honeys shake your hips) you don't stop
(and niggas pack the clips) keep on, bitch
junior m.a.f.i.a. clique in full effect (yeah, what the fuck you want, nigga?)
ah, yeah, hell yeah (biggie smalls and meth-tical)
bedford–stuyvesant the livest one (9-4 coming at you raw)
my borough is thorough (shaolin island, yeah)
recognize (yeah)

--- Suicidal Thoughts ---
hello?
aw shit, nigga, the fuck time is it, man?
oh, god damn
nigga, do you know what time it is?
aw shit, what the fuck's goin' on?
you aight?
ah, nigga, what the fuck is wrong with you?
when i die, fuck it, i wanna go to hell
'cause i'm a piece of shit, it ain't hard to fuckin' tell (what you talkin' 'bout, man?)
it don't make sense, goin' to heaven with the goodie-goodies
dressed in white, i like black timbs and black hoodies (aw, man)
god'll probably have me on some real strict shit
no sleepin' all day, no gettin' my dick licked
hangin' with the goodie-goodies, loungin' in paradise
fuck that shit, i wanna tote guns and shoot dice (aw, you talkin' some crazy shit now, nigga)
all my life i been considered as the worst
lyin' to my mother, even stealin' out her purse (ah)
crime after crime, from drugs to extortion
i know my mother wish she got a fuckin' abortion
she don't even love me like she did when i was younger (yo, get a hold of yourself, nigga)
suckin' on her chest just to stop my fuckin' hunger
i wonder; if i died, would tears come to her eyes?
forgive me for my disrespect, forgive me for my lies (you're buggin', b)
my baby mother's eight months, her little sister's two
who's to blame for both of them? (nah, nigga, not you)
i swear to god i want to just slit my wrists and end this bullshit
throw the magnum to my head, threaten to pull shit (buggin', nigga, what the fuck?)
and squeeze until the bed's completely red (yo, it's too late for this shit, man)
i'm glad i'm dead, a worthless fuckin' buddha head
the stress is buildin' up, i can't, i can't believe (ayo, i'm on my way over there, man)
suicide's on my fuckin' mind, i wanna leave
i swear to god i feel like death is fuckin' callin' me
but nah, you wouldn't understand
nigga, talk to me please, man!
you see, it's kinda like the crack did to pookie in 
new jack (the fuck?)
except when i cross over, there ain't no comin' back (ayo, ayo, man, i'm out)
should i die on the train track like ramo in 
beat street? (i'ma call you when i get in the car)
people at the funeral frontin' like they miss me (ayo, ayy, where your girl at, man?)
my baby mama kiss me, but she glad i'm gone (yo, put your girl on the phone, nigga!)
she know me and her sister had somethin' goin' on
i reach my peak, i can't speak (ayo, you listenin' to me, motherfucker?)
call my nigga chic, tell him that my will is weak (ayo, c'mon, nigga)
i'm sick of niggas lyin' (cut that), i'm sick of bitches hawkin' (ayo)
matter of fact, i'm sick of talkin' (nigga, yo, yo, big! ayo, chill!)
*gunshot*
ayo, big! ayo, big!
please hang up and try your call again
please hang up— is a recording

--- Things Done Changed ---
back in the day
things done changed on this side
remember they used to thump, but now they blast, right? (uh)
back in the day
things done changed on this side
remember they used to thump, but now they blast, right?
back in the day
things done changed on this side (yeah)
remember they used to thump, but now they blast, right?
back in the day
things done changed on this side (yeah)
remember they used to thump, but now they blast, right?
remember back in the days when niggas had waves
cazal shades and corn braids?
pitching pennies, honeys had the high-top jellies
shooting skelly, motherfuckers was all friendly
lounging at the barbecues, drinking brews
with the neighborhood crews hanging on the avenues
turn your pages to 1993
niggas is getting smoked, g, believe me
talk slick, you get your neck slit quick
'cause real street niggas ain't having that shit
totin' tecs for rep
smoking blunts in the project hallways
shooting dice all day
waitin' for niggas to step up on some fightin' shit
we get hype and shit and start lightin' shit
so step away with your fistfight ways
motherfucker, this ain't back in the days
but you don't hear me though
back in the day
things done changed on this side
remember they used to thump, but now they blast, right?
back in the day
things done changed on this side
remember they used to thump, but now they blast, right?
back in the day
things done changed on this side
remember they used to thump, but now they blast, right?
back in the day
things done changed on this side
remember they used to thump, but now they blast, right?
no more coco-levio one, two, three
one, two, three, all it is to me is a mystery
i hear you motherfuckers talk about it
but i stay seeing bodies with the motherfuckin' chalk around it
and i'm down with the shit, too
for the stupid motherfuckers want to try to use kung-fu
instead of a mac-10, he tried scrappin'
slugs in his back and that's what the fuck happens
when you sleep on the street
little motherfuckers with heat wanna leave a nigga six feet deep
and we coming to the wake
to make sure the crying and commotion ain't a motherfucking fake
back in the days our parents used to take care of us
look at 'em now, they even fuckin' scared of us
calling the city for help because they can't maintain
damn, shit done changed
back in the day
things done changed on this side
remember they used to thump, but now they blast, right?
back in the day
things done changed on this side
remember they used to thump, but now they blast, right?
back in the day
things done changed on this side
remember they used to thump, but now they blast, right?
back in the day
things done changed on this side
remember they used to thump, but now they blast, right?
if i wasn't in the rap game
i'd probably have a ki, knee-deep in the crack game
because the streets is a short stop
either you're slingin' crack rock or you got a wicked jump shot
shit, it's hard being young from the slums
eatin' five cent gums, not knowing where your meal's coming from
and now the shit's getting crazier and major
kids younger than me, they got the sky brand pagers
goin' out of town, blowing up
six months later, all the dead bodies showing up
it make me wanna grab the nine and the shotty
but i gotta go identify the body
damn, what happened to the summertime cookouts?
every time i turn around, a nigga gettin' took out
shit, my mama got cancer in her breast
don't ask me why i'm motherfucking stressed, things done changed
back in the day
things done changed on this side
remember they used to thump, but now they blast, right?
back in the day
things done changed on this side
remember they used to thump, but now they blast, right?
back in the day
things done changed on this side
remember they used to thump, but now they blast, right?
back in the day
things done changed on this side
remember they used to thump, but now they blast, right?
back in the day
things done changed on this side
remember they used to thump, but now they blast, right?
back in the day
things done changed on this side
remember they used to thump, but now they blast, right?
back in the day
things done changed on this side
remember they used to thump, but now they blast, right?
back in the day
things done changed on this side
remember they used to thump, but now they blast, right?

--- Mood ---
it’s jenks, baby
look
this is a bounce
i just copped a ounce
smoked it at his house
(i did)
then went to the crib
and sat on the couch
put it in her mouth
(that's fact)
this is my life
this my vibe
this is my mood
(it is)
i do what i want
you do what you can
we move how we move
(it's jenks, baby)
if they snooze
then they snooze
(let them sleep)
always bet on myself
(i do)
if i lose then i lose
(so what)
but, don't get it confused
(don't)
i done lost it all
i mean, really fall
but we learned to crawl
now we doing things
that we always dreamed
never number 2
but, boy we ball
(lonzo)
like, we never knew
we forever crew
i got shorty with me
and the beretta too
and it’s all good
cause the carerra blue
she blowin' me like i’m a flute
whew
shorty the truth
(damn)
you live and learn
the bridges you burn
they come back to haunt
these n*ggas will hate
more real than the fake
determine your fate
stay true to yourself
including the wealth
was how i was taught
but i’m off you n*ggas
get the f*ck out my face
what the f*ck do you want
it's a mood
it's a mood
it's a mood
it's a mood
this is a vibe
this is a mood
she love that i’m rude
she sendin' me nudes
her p*ssy the ocean
and i am the cruise
we breakin the rules
the city a war zone
it’s breakin' the news
you fake, you gon' lose
can’t relate to you fools
can’t relate to you fools
your fate you gon' choose
she hate that i’m smoove
(i am)
i’m smoove as a b*tch
i study the rich
my music is soothing as sh*t
pregnancy test
i am the truth in this b*tch
shootin' my shot
then i’m shootin' a swish
rare that i miss
my woes running with me
like drake in the 6
son’n you n*ggas
so, she swallow my kids
(she nasty)
i guess i do it big
notorious b
(r.i.p)
i keep it g
keep it real with myself
to have it on lock
that is the key
to building this wealth
rebuilding myself
i’m healin' myself
while son’n you n*ggas
reach on the shelf
grab me a belt
roll up the leaf
my eyes red and green
i look like a elf
big mood
it's a mood
it's a mood
it's a mood
it's a mood
it's a mood
it's a mood
it's a mood
it's a mood

--- Intro ---
push
c'mon, shorty, stay push, c'mon
c'mon, c'mon, push it's almost there
one more time, c'mon
c'mon, push, baby, one more time
harder, harder, push it harder
push, push, c'mon
one more time, here it goes
i see the head!
yeah, c'mon!
yeah! yeah!
you did it, baby, yeah!
but if you lose, don't ask no questions why
the only game you know is do or die
ah-ha-ha
hard to understand what a hell of a man...
hip hop the hippie the hippie
to the hip hip hop and you don't stop
rock it out, baby bubba, to the boogie, the bang-bang
the boogie to the boogie that be
now, what you hear is not a test...
god damn it, voletta, what the fuck are you doin'?
you can't control that god damn boy? 
what?
i just saw mr. johnson, he told me he caught the motherfucking boy shoplifting
what the fuck are you doin'? (get your black ass the fuck off!)
you can't control that god—
i don't know what the fuck to do with that boy
what the fuck do you want me to do?
if— if you can't con— fucking control him
i'ma send him— (all you fucking do is bitch all day, motherfucker)
i'ma send him— bitch, bitch, i—
i'ma send his motherfuckin' ass to a group home god damn it, what?
i'll smack the shit outta you, bitch! (kick my black ass, motherfucker!)
what the fuck?
yo— you— you are fucking up (comin' in here, smellin' like sour socks, you dumb motherfucker)
i'ma fuck you up
when i'm bustin' up a party i feel no guilt
gizmo's cuttin' up for thee
suckers that's down with nei—
what, nigga, you wanna rob them motherfuckin' trains, you crazy?
yes, yes, motherfucker, motherfuckin' right, nigga, yes
nigga, what the fuck, nigga? we gonna get—
nigga, it's eighty-seven nigga, is you dead broke?
yeah, nigga, but, but, nigga—
motherfucker, is you broke, motherfucker?
we need to get some motherfuckin' paper, nigga
yeah, but nigga, it's a train, ain't nobody robbed no motherfucking train
just listen, man, your mother giving you money, nigga?
my moms don't give me shit, nigga
it's time to get paid, nigga
is you with me?
motherfucker, is you with me?
yeah, i'm with you, nigga, c'mon
alright then, nigga, let's make it happen then
all you motherfuckers get on the fuckin' floor!
get on the motherfucking floor!
give me all your motherfucking money (and don't move, nigga!)
i want the fuckin' jewelry, give me every-fuckin'-thing
nigga i'd shut the fuck up or i'ma blow your motherfuckin' brains out!
 (gimme your fuckin' money, motherfucker!)
nigga, give me your jewelry, empty your pockets
 (fuck you, bitch)
get up off that shit
what the fuck you holding on to that shit for, bitch?
i get money, money i got
stunts call me honey if they feel real hot
open c-74, smalls
mr. smalls, let me walk you to the door
so how does it feel leaving us?
c'mon man, what kind of fucking question is that man?
trying to get the fuck up out this joint dog
yeah, yeah, you'll be back
you niggas always are
go ahead man, what the fuck is you hollering about?
you won't see me up in this motherfucker no more
we'll see
i got big plans nigga, big plans, hahahaha

--- Friend of Mine ---
no, fuck the bitches, fuck all the stank-ass hoes
all my niggas know
junior m.a.f.i.a. clique, gucci don, you know how we play
fuckin' scandalous-ass bitches
you know how it go, gooch
i meet a bitch, fuck a bitch
next thing you know, you fuckin' a bitch
you just pass around shit, pass the shit like a cold and shit
fuck 'em
now when i'm fucking off gin i'm invincible
don't love no ho, that's my principle
'cause, uh, bitches come (and uh) bitches go (uh)
that's why i get my nut and i be out the fucking door (you know)
they might be the one to set me up
want to get they little brother to wet me up
that's why i tote tecs and stuff, to get them off my case
just in case the little fucker ends up misplaced
i don't give a bitch enough to catch the bus
and when i see the semen i'm leaving
bitches be scheming, i kid you not
that's why i keep my windows locked and my glock cocked
one ho said, big, why you so hard on us?
why you swear all bitches are so scandalous?
thug nigga 'til the end, tell a friend, bitch
'cause when i like you, then you go and fuck my friend, bitch
and you know that ain't right
you know that ain't right with a friend of mine
you know that ain't right with a friend of mine
you know that ain't right with a friend of mine
you know that ain't right with a friend of mine
you see, i don't sweat these hoes
i keep them in flavors like timbos and girbauds
bitches just like to play the merry-go
yeah we know, drop the scenario
it was me, dee, the mpv
the blunts and brew thang, knocking some wu-tang
m-e-t-h-oh shit, look at them lips and them hips on that bitch
dee hit the dip, so i can drop my mackadocious shit
light the blunt clip and recognize a pimp
needless to speak, the g's obsolete
don't sleep, banged the skins in a week
on the creep up the avenue
i seen her on the block, who she rapping to?
that's my nigga dee, damn he got g
now she fucking him and fucking me, see
you know that ain't right
you know that ain't right with a friend of mine
you know that ain't right with a friend of mine
you know that ain't right with a friend of mine
you know that ain't right with a friend of mine, uh
now i play her far like a moon play a star
she still sweat me hard 'cause i'm a rap star
i be cruising up the block, i be passing her
pimping hard with a female passenger
and the only time i call her to hang
is when me and dee blunted up, pissy, scheming on a gangbang
she should have used her intuition
then she wouldn't be classified in that position, listen
she's saying i dissed her 'cause i'm fucking her sister
a message to the fellas, that really gets 'em pissed, uh
but she started that fucking family
she fucked my man dee, so why she mad at me? (true)
plus your sister look better than you
give head better than you, pussy get wetter than you
so break the fuck out like a rash
i'm glad i ain't spend no cash to hit your nasty ass
you know that ain't right with a friend of mine
you know that ain't right with a friend of mine
you know that ain't right with a friend of mine
you know that ain't right with a friend of mine

--- Would You Die For Me ---
the, thick, thick, thick thick, the
the, thicky the, the, the
thicky the, thick thick the, the
thicky the, the
thicky the, the, the, thicky thick the
uh, uh
venue after venue, i've been through
come up to the telly, so i can bend you (uh)
send you to the store, condoms and more
jealous females call you sluts and whores
could it be my hardcore metaphor
makes sweat pour on the bedroom floor? (uh)
open up the lex door, jump on in
i'm kinda tired, i'ma roll blunts while you spin
you got your license, right? alright, no swerving
hair blonde out, madonna style, "like a virgin" (uh)
splurging, dom p., rosé
much foreplay, that's my forté
niggas see the ring, baguettes to death (uh)
she looking for a man, honey, he just left
violate me, he get beat to death
goodfellas squeeze every shell they got left (uh)
grand marnier increase the don strength
two four-fifths within my arms length
with a calm breath, i say, "we got to float"
throw little cease the keys to the boat
tongue all down her throat, you know the routine
got my dick large like bruce springsteen
and you mean too (uh), eyes greenish blue
got the coogi sweater with the bubble fubu
beautiful, that's how the night goes
get out them tight clothes, get in some night clothes
i invite those girls that smoke lah (uh)
keep it real with you, you keep it real with i
we be tight like frog's ass
have you screamin', "biggie, biggie, give me one more chance"
what?
would you ride with me? (yeah)
would you lie for me? (that's right)
would you get high with me? (for sure)
would you die for me? (no doubt)
would you ride with me? (yeah)
would you lie for me? (that's right)
would you get high with me? (for sure)
would you die for me? (no doubt)
these hoes don't treat you like i treat you
like my contacts, i can see right through
don't they know, me and you is stuck like glue?
queen bitch means number one and two
wifey, ya'll ain't got to like me
go 'head and act dumb, you'll just catch a hot one
y'all know where i'm from
bucktown, lay your ass down
you don't wanna play around (with me)
probably just mad because frank chose me
a fly cutie, you just a groupie
girls call my telephone just to hang up
while me and you is in the crib, laying up
oh, he ain't tell you that we live together, huh?
and that we gonna have a kid together?
whatever; me, intimidated? never
anything you give to him, he give it right to kim
anyway, i fuck better than you
give head better than you
pussy get wetter than you
if i fuck another nigga, it don't mean nothing
b.i.g. is in my heart from the start
whether broke or rich, i'm a stay his bitch
chicks who used to be around, where they at now?
see i don't care 'bout them other broads
b.i.g. kept it real with me, and that's that
would you ride with me? (yeah)
would you lie for me? (that's right)
would you get high with me? (for sure)
would you die for me? (no doubt)
would you ride with me? (yeah)
would you lie for me? (that's right)
would you get high with me? (for sure)
would you die for me? (no doubt)